This song was played at my friends funeral. He was a good guy, should have lived a long life. Fly high Dane
Kanye is a godamn genius. Problem is he knows he's a genius.
Song hits different now that Kim is divorcing Kanye
It sucks when you replay a song so many times it loses its appeal :(... I wish I could listen to it for the first time, one last time
Clean versions should be banned
Hip Hop’s Bohemian Rhapsody
Kim can't claim that Kanye didn't warn her about his issues. In this song, Kanye is telling the world about his issues. Kanye is telling the world that he's a damaged genius.
If Kanye wins presidency this gonna be USA's National Anthem.
GENIUS. He won't be recognized as a great til he's no longer here sadly. Give him his flowers while he can smell them.
How have I only just discovered this song in 2020, brilliant
the fact that kanye made pusha t re-write his verse 4 times
Celebrating 10 years today since this masterpiece dropped
Sad to see his recent mental breakdown!
This guy is a genius
runaway is the most beautiful word in the english language
Fun fact : you listening to this during quarantine.
Coming back to clean myself after listening to WLR
"All rise for the country's national anthem"
YEEZUS 2020:
Mozart been quiet lately
this song alone is better than a lot of peoples whole career. incredible
One way I know Kanye is a legend is because the piano still continues to play even though he stopped playing and started to stand on it.
I discovered this song 9 years later, so grateful damn
Who’s watching after kim divorced kanye 😔
"Who's still listening in 2021" bro we never stopped.
Imagine music like this coming out now. Everything’s just garbage these days.
i wish they included the ending where Kanye's voice is distorted: even though you can't understand the words, the emotion is powerful..I see similarities between Kanye & Axel Dobbins (a filmmaker with social anxiety)
This song hits different now.
Kim didn't deserve you king.
#kanye2024
*diiing* "that's  actually  the beginning of runaway"
“I miss the old Kanye” 🤘🏾😔
“You’ve been putting up with my sh-FISH for way too loooong”
I can't lie this album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy has to be one of my favorite or even top 5 albums of all time👍❤..... Don't make no damn sense how dope this album is 🔥🔥🔥🙏
Every fucking time I hear the "LOOK AT YA" I look at myself and I see that I am a horrible person and I remember everything that I did wrong and cannot forgive mysefl for that, then I cry myself tired
I can’t believe this is almost a decade old...
this song aged like fine wine. I'm glad I came back to this 10 years later after it came out
Who was brought here due to their impeccable taste in music
Hard to believe this track is ten years old wish we could have this Yay back
I feel this video yo brings a tear to my eye...yo I feel like one those dancers every movement controlled by the music....trapped...."runaway runaway" but going nowhere numb in life just going through the movements...my toxic relationship in a cute video fr
Kim heard this now and now decided to runaway 😞
For All The Homies Battling Depression I’m Here 😢✊🏽💯
WESTWORLD BABY
It should be a requirement in life to listen to this song at least once.
When I first heard this I was blown away by the sheer quality of it - start to finish. That sensation seems to be everlasting.
Here's before Kanye becomes the president and everyone pretends to love this song.
STAY STRONG KANYE!
This was so ahead of it’s time, like holy shit
When he said “u been putting up wit my itch just way too long”, I felt that in my soul 😖
Wow this guy is such a amazing and extraordinary musician
I've never been a fan of kanye but wow he is a genius. 
I've never seen an artist evolve as much as him and still make hits .
Modern day Mozart
Here after hearing about his divorce
Old Kanye is about to be back
It's an honor to be born the same day than this legend
Pusha T’s verse was simply beautiful. Flows so well. Repeat
"See I could have me a good girl and still be addicted to the...SnowBunnies!!!!"
This is honestly one of the greatest songs ever created.
What he does with his voice by distorting it. Has such a beautiful symbolic tone of expressing emotional of being at a lost for words. Pusha t had me paying alot more to him as a solo artist as well after this song. Umm but where is that great bridge at the end damn it. Ugh. Oh well. That's wat made the song great.
Who’s here ten years later
Needs more Rick James, LOOK AT CHA!
I sent this girl a picture of my hay
Farmer kanye: I sent this girl a picture of my hay 🤠
this song is gonna hit kanye again 😔
When this album came out, it was the first time experiencing hip hop in its most luxurious form😂
This song is a masterpiece. So many emotions into those simple keys.
When the ballerinas comes running in I get chills
The Westworld SuperBowl trailer made me remember this amazing song.
ive never listened to kanye before this is my first time
Hey Kanye,
I've heard about all the good work you do in different aspects of charity and would like your input. I have a concept idea for a school where the kids come from the lower income housing, both inner-city as well as the country kids that may be getting overlooked, that is to say it's not a ethnicity thing, it would be based on simple economics, the entrance  qualifications.

You give the kids a fighting chance, a better education, pay the community college professors slightly more than what there being paid now, hire them on, the only requirement for the child is that after they go on to become Dr's, lawyers and other higher  earning proffesion they go back to there communities and it slowly starts to uplift the community. 

I'm trying to run the algorithm of wether it's better to do a boarding school and offer an opportunity to one child per family or if a virtual system with substitute teachers dropping in occasionally to help as well as perhaps a school based community center with annual Summer Camps held across the nation to bring everyone together, I can't decide which would be more beneficial. 

The idea was sparked by a documentary called"Daughters of Destiny" it's on Netflix and it's utterly amazing. 

I am a sales person, twelve years in the making so I have no problems handling the fundraising and even have a few intial startup Capital making ideas. I'm even tossing around the idea of including a easy to sell marketing job for the kids parents to both help cover the cost of the school if not totally covered via Scholarship. It's a self sanitizing door handle. I want to get it into legislation which would actually cover the school funding if it was a law that all government ran businesses/buildings had to have them. 

Anyway if you have any interest at all please feel free to email me kaytee.sales@gmail.com
Or telephone at 
7022909427

I'll take any advice or comments as long as it's not presented ignorantly. Stay safe and warm.
Kaytee M. Foley

P. S. Do more interviews, your voice is like butter on a cows utter, which might constitute as Canbablism?
That  reminds me the school/summer camp does strive to be sustainable, encouraging the use of community gardens as well as shipping and dry freezing different sources of protein and food to the childeren living in extreme poverty. Leading to travel and culture for kids who might have never got to leave the neighborhood they were born into.

P.P.S.
I also have some real concerns with the state of the Juvenile halls. They don't offer sex education, they hardly offer any education at all. Further more there are no electives as in theatre, music the kids who could use the creative outlet the most don't get the chance to take advantage of it. It's so cheap to build a small stage, get some donated costumes or even just have a kid pick from a big pile of monologues, its a great noninvasive way to get to know what kind of mood the kids in that day, do they pick a happy one or a sad one, have the correction officers get involved show the human side of themselves. 

Furthermore, I really feel like it's unfair that the adult prisoners get the chance to have music wether via small radios or actual tablets but I have yet to hear about a Juvenile hall that offers that. When I was in one for a short time 15 years ago they handed you worksheets, made you play basketball in flip flops and based a psych eval on 100 question feelings:yes no maybe. The fact that the youth today live on music and are offered no opportunity to check in or perhaps check out and relax or find comfort in music needs to be looked as both a tool to keep things calm but also on a psychological level it's more than likely deformential to there physical health, both brain and body chemistry.

We are throwing ourselves back to the dark ages by not getting ahead of the curve, where our adult prisoners get the chance to earn a small income our youths do not. 

I come from a background of sales,mainly telephone sales. My first phone job was at 17 after getting emancipated at 16 via a ramshock- marry -to -get out -the- house-divorced-3-months-later-kindathing. I sold the newspaper, and I stopped back by early this year and it dawned on me that it makes no sense as to why the kids in Juvenile hall can't have the opportunity to make some simple phone calls saying "Hey this is Jimmy with the local paper how's it going today? Great just to let you know we'reon a recorded line, we're just running a little special in your area. You'll get the paper delivered 7 days a week for only 10 dollars a month. The special is good for six months. I can get you started in a few days I just need to know if you're in a house or an apartment."

I'm not saying that it's an amazing career but it does help them face rejection without getting mad, learn to speak to people with respect and at the end of the day or even better for those who may need to get emancipated or who spend a year, two or maybe even don't get released until they are 18, it would give them a small savings account.

I really feel like a lot of the youths in the system today who get released to unwilling,unloving or over extended parents just need a chance to be free of judgement and if you have a bit of money and a practiced proffesion it would help. They would come out of it with confidence.

It not only saddens me but it's a terrifying thought we are basically setting them up to fail by dressing them as hardened criminals, by not taking into account the long term PTSD as well as both self and societal loathing for not taking into account the generational line up that led or is leading to a generational genocide. Our prisons are beyond capacity and the sad part it is, it only takes one mistake to mess up your life.

I never really had anyone that showed me any unconditional love and I'm fearful in a time where Millennials are still trying to prove to there own parents that they are worthy that our next generation currently being raised will not know who to turn to, which will lead straight back to archaic ways of thinking. 

On another note, I find it totally unfair that the adult prisoners are not offered the chance to apply for a state issued phone before they are released. You know the kinds with a small amount of minutes, simply because without one it's almost impossible to get a job. I'm in a major city and there are maybe 10 jobs listed in the newspaper. I'm no lawyer but I would almost call it a monolopy. If your a horse you won't even make it out the gate without a phone.

 I don't mean to chew anyone's ear off here but you know how it goes when you get on a writing roll, I also think that it's a really fantastic idea to have a Etsy (you know that hand made goods for sale website) for the ex-convicts. Give them a healthy network to earn some money on. While we do have huge problems in our prison system I believe that if we focus on the kids first and maintain open communication it'll be ok.

Anyway, sorry this was a bit long, unfortunately I don't have the contacts or a highly viewed platform to speak about it on. If you ever do an interview and feel like bringing it up please do. 

Thanks and stay safe,
Feel free to contact me 
Kaytee.sales@gmail.com
7022909427
Kaytee M. Foley
This is me blaming everything on my chick back in the days. I was definitely good at it... 2016 we fixed it and still going strong...
A timeless tune, from the greatest artist of all time.
An absolute classic.
Happy 10 Years to this album.
Happy 10 years With this Song its so many happened
Used to listen to this when i was 11,damn time flies way too fast.
Kanye and kim were never meant to be , poles apart .
10 years so crazy this was played non stop in highschool
One of the greatest: The Art of stay Pure in a corupted business.
Damnn, his work is amazing
Love u Kanye
The song started when I pulled up to my house I haven’t gotten out cause I wanted to hear the whole song one more time, even tho I’ve been holding this chipotle in since I ate it earlier around 12pm Kanye is the greatest
When he said "I sent this girl a picture of my hey" I really felt that
Here 10 years after this classic song's release... ❤️🔥
I blared the hell out of this song the day that my divorce was finalized! It was perfect
Lol when Tristan was pissed when kuwtk used this as his background story or something lol but if the shoe fits!!
this is a metaphoric masterpiece everytime i watch and hear this
This aged very well , still sounds like it droped yesterday
During this Quarantine My neighbor love this song so much that they threw a brick at my window to play back 😍
This song is really fucking 🔥 and fucking amazing!!!!
Larry Dembrun - what a video! During these covid times we all need to remember to laugh a little love a little #larrydemnbrun #2021 #over #hope #newyear #happyagain
Yes he is a genius, I second that , incredible, music voice lyrics he is truly spiritually gifted xxx❤❤💙
Perfect track & video! The Album itself is a true masterpiece! Thank you Kanye! You are the BEST! LOVE LOVE LOVE!
Yo I literally remember this back 10 years ago when he was promoting this song for hella months before the album dropped. True Kanye fan here 🔥❤️
This is the first song I’ve ever heard,I really been listening to Kanye ever since I was 4
Who else is here in 2020?
This song have:
Great production 
Great lyricism
Great storytelling
Great guest verse
Great artistry
and...
A GREAT MESSAGE
More than just a song, to some of us this is  time not so long ago where everything was ten times different .
Ye, you have my support! Sing this at inauguration dinner.
He is a awesome artist who else agrees
nostalgic.
Christmas time. You know what brought me
Crazy how mbdtf is 10 years old today... man i feel old😂
U can really see his emotions when he sings
If you haven’t already seen it, skip to 43:51 of this video for the most beautiful explanation of this song https://youtu.be/nekqepD9Bk4
One of his best songs
The new american anthem🙏🏻
I'm not a fan of Kanye, but this song got me. I don't hate on him, he's just not my style usually.
This a masterpiece and no one is going to say that is not, in a few years
Im really lucky bcz I hear this song when 12 years old <3 Can't for get this song. Love it
Wtf it's already been 6 years..
2:31 You've been putting with my
 *T I H S* just way to long
Youve been putting up with my fish for way too long.....
Damn , Pusha ate this track in only 40 seconds
I love this song, but this is the clumsiest clean version I’ve ever heard. The censoring destroys the whole vibe of the song.
This song is so ahead of its time, that it will never be appreciated enough. Cant be. Bless Kanye.
This is what I needed
I came here from the movie "the night before"
Don’t why his music gets me so emotional but it does every damn time
I watch this weekly to remind me that yeezy really is a genius...
Kanye truly is a special artist man. Sometimes we get swept up with the image the media paints of him and forget how gifted of a musician he is at his best.
To the dude who comments, 'who is listening this again in 2020'. my boy, legends never left
Like how Kanye made music for 2020 back in the days 🎊🎉🔥
a masterpiece one of the best pieces of music to come out i just love kayne
No one man should have all this power
I like his music, it is different than others. Combine classic with rapping.
Listened to this a year ago and it never feels like it was released at 2010. Its so ahead of its time
Just finished reading his favorite book. The King Of The Elephants. Making The Jungle Great Again. Written by Michael Truman and I must say it is the funniest book I have ever read. If you want a belly full of laughter to cheer you up during these difficult times. Get this book. I got it on Amazon.
so beautiful and nostalgic
Honestly this song, this album,  this era of Kanye's music was so artistically pleasing and beautiful. Kanye is a musical genius we have to admit it, regardless of what he's like now. We have to appreciate talent.
“You should leave if you can’t accept the basics”
this is always one of my favorite song!
Celebrating 10 years today
Did youtube really just try and tell me this video was "NEW" gtfo
This video is completely ruined by the clean version
Way back when he was making awesome music instead of this shit from today... totally enjoy his old stuff!
yall act like 2010 was so long ago lmao...
I only heard this for the first one yesterday. I think it's in my kitchen set list now 🙃
hey there I just wanna let u know I used content from this video and gave you credit in my description :) check out the video if ur down, your character is in it!
This was the intro for my wedding.
Take care of you Kanye.. my ex had bipolar , it took him from me  . Its one of the hardest to understand. Lots of pain and genius.  Respect 🙌
I'm actualy listening this song for the first time right now
THANK YOU VERY MUCH. KEEP GOING.
First song I listened to this year
Ngl, this is hip- hop’s equivalent to The Black Parade
1:26 wtf was that
Still ICONIC after 10 years 🔥
Happy 10 years Mr. West
Happy birthday, you beautiful song!!
Man just the beat alone. This shit is a straight up masterpiece. This song is absolute fire
I heard this song in " the night before " with Seth Rogen and I thought WOW, Kanya really is a genius
When I was younger , I fpund the video silly. Now I see the beauty of it
Oh wow-  what a masterpiece!  The ballerinas  are a genius!!!   Cant stop watching the ballerinas with the song playing.  🤷🏻‍♂️🥳🤘
The good old days man I feel so old now😭
Everyday feels like the first whenever my ears listen to this
Kanye spazing out brought me here
I remember when i was like 9 seeing this on mtv at 3am
TOA$T
I love how he is pressing 2 keys the whole song, that must've been hard to learn.
if you're more into the punk/alternative type of music, I recommend you listen to Silverstein's cover of this song.
10 Years of this masterpiece...still giving me chills when I listen to it
I'm my top 5 all time favorite songs!
Would somebody like to send me a picture of their HEY?
Just wanted to remind everyone that The Melon Man Gave MBDTF a 6
Go look for a movie called "the night before" and watch it. All the way.
This is one of the songs that make you feel nostolgiac
Some songs as this just keep u less depressed when u listen it
Your cell phone is not hidden from me. Especially in person.like know there's the same screen in my eye.👁️
I hope he finds his peace. Ye, you are the best. We're very thankful.
For some reason I like the clean version better. 🤔
This is still to this day, completely genius.
"You've been putting up with my SKISH just way too loooong"
Who else thought of this song when those piano keys played on an episode of WESTWORLD 🤣
Why is it so hard to believe Kanye has fans? Over a hundred views are from me alone, when I'm lost in my feels. 
Y'all some non believing haters.
this brings me back to when times were different. This song and “Clover Cage - Mirror Mirror” are the two songs keeping me sane through these tough times. I just want to send love to everyone and I want everyone to know things will get better.......
lets have a toast for the toast for the toast for the
Not a big fan of the guy, but seriously, you can't deny the fact that he can make some pretty good music
Fell in love with this song the moment I heard it
FIrst time hearing this. Won't bother me to ever hear it again. Born in 83'
How tf did this clip got more views than the full film? Smh
God bless you Kanye! 🙏
I send this *girl* a picture of my *H E Y*
I find this an emotional great number i don’t understand everything cause i’m from belgium but i find this an beautifull song i played this in one month more than 15 times.
Great instrumental ❤️ never gets old.
Its so hard to listen to this with the constant distortion of his voice its annoying af why is this clean like come on
10 yrs ago I became Kanye West’s biggest fan
you've been putting up with my *shish* for way to long
9 years ago. WOW
The Mystery Hater
It's Backwards Though 
Prop
"invisibly set, the Rolex is faceless" - line of the year, low key wealth.
going through Ye's entire discography right now. it blows my mind how people think Kanye isn't one of the best to come around (as a rapper and producer).
I remember Tristan getting offended when they played this song into the part when him and khole broke up, epic song nonetheless
This Song got all the emotions your soul need
man im relieving the glory days of hip hop
Back when life was just getting good for me
you been putting up with my shi-jjsh just way too long
Honestly my favorite kanye song. Dont always agree with the guy on what he says and does, but damn he's talented...
Damn i was 9 when this video came out i miss the times ....
this is some old but gold shit right here🔥✌️💯
this is legit legendary status at this point
Bodak Yellow: 773 mil views
Runaway: 53 mil views 
Me: This should be a crime
Remember when Kanye was sane and made amazing music?
Vengo del precio de la historia
Y’all sleeping on nipsey hussle freestyle from 10 years
Its 1 am 1.1.2021 and its my first time listening this masterpiece
Who's jammin' 2 this song in 2020...
This has to be my favourite Kanye both lyrics and video 😍 back here in 2020
this song changed my life i cant thank you enough
This is my favourite song in whole music world just resonates haven't worked out why get. A Gut Feeling ❤
If this was to come onto the charts now, you know it would be at 1 for a long ass time. Way ahead of its time
This song is actually a masterpiece, even the visuals in this video is clearly underrated!! I love this Kanye, I have a feeling this Kanye is coming back. Thanks to those Sunday Services he has on those hills or woods or whatever mountain top he has it! Lol It’s genuinely inspiring🙂
I always comes back for for King Push's verse
9 years later still a masterpiece
LOL... How is Kanye still playin the piano when he's standing on top of it?
this is the one of the most timeless songs ever created
Genius sh*t...I feel bad for youngsters & blockheads who only know Kanye for his antics & not for his art.
William Maranci brought me here 🔥🤘
I’m running as fast as I can
2021 and still listening to it 🔥🔥🔥
I do always somehow someway indeed seem to constantly just in my ways find something wrong
Ye nowadays:
24/7 365 Jesus stays on my mind
Love this song I play it every week at least
Kanye is one of the few most creative Music Producers ever existed...
It brings good and bad memories together while keeping you thoughtful n relaxed xxxxx
This is my favorite song its the song that im gonna play over and over in my birthday I got a plan runaway as fast as you can. This song is so catchy!
I feel so bad for this man mainly because how much he’s lost his mind ever since the lost of his mother I understand why he is the way he is now because when you lose the only person who really cares for you and truly loves you unconditionally your whole world just seems like it’s come to and end as well the day Donda West died a lot of Kanye died with her I don’t support anything he’s done lately but I can respect his mind or at least a part of it because he’s a man that still takes cares of all his kids not only his kids he takes care of his wife’s family as well the day this man dies the same people that talk the most shit now are gonna be the same ones posting about him sending his family their fake condolences like as if they never talked bad about this man.
This will still be one of theee most beautiful songs I've ever heard 😩
Love his old music more 🙌🏼
The Silverstein version held me here
My gf jus told me she never heard this in her life💔😓
kanye was such a serve in that time. it’s sad to see how he ended up
The first time I heard this song was on TV  watching the VMA’s ! 10 years later what a moment ✨
NEVER DID LIKE THIS DUDES RAPPING OR PERSONALITY BUT YET PEOPLE LOVE HIM GO FIGURE YOU KNOW HOW I KNOW PEOPLE LOVE HIS MUSIC CAUSE HE HAS A NET WORTH OF 1.3 BILLION  AND  IS THE #1 RAPPER.
I feel like when I listen to music the dead dance r. I. P everone 🙏
Kayne is a genius, but he knows it and thats the problem.
His masterpiece
Top 5 songs of the decade 🐐💯
And I always find, yeah I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my sh*t just way too long
Album of the decade. Should have also been song of the decade....
Had to come here after seeing him with lil pump..
2020 and Still amazing 🔥
kinda defined the beat drop didnt he...kanye gonna live on forever regardless. i love my life you gotta love yours.
Love how sinister the beat is
10 years later and this song and album still iconic!
You've been putting up with my shi-ihs for way too long
who’s here ten years after the greatest song of all time was produced ?
Cheers to you Kanye spot on  🥂
2020 still fire!! 🔥🔥🔥
If you’re going to censor it at least replace the words with similar ones and not tourettes noises.
If there was the best wine to age over time, it’ll be called Runaway
cheers/toast/broken-no-more=wheres my wheelchair
Holy shit I didn't know push T was in this song until u read it on spotify. So damn confused. My memory is to shits😅😬😥
Definitely feels like the curse words really help with this song
This came out in 2010 and the decade is about to end in a month. I will never forget this masterpiece.
Give this legendary god his flowers while he's still alive !! Genius!! 

Clean edits though, yikes!!
I remember playing this on the    TV every morning
Watching this a little past midnight after pausing breaking bad season 5e9. Hank about to find out that heinsbeng has been right under his nose all this time. Sep 2020
Y'all sleeping on Ramin Djawadi version of this song
I want to hate Kanye for his ego, and personality, but I cannot deny that the man is a musical genius.
This still be hitting 💯
Why can't I find the VMA performance of this song??? 😭😭 Did they delete it ? Whyyyyy
2020 and this is still gold.
3:09 when dababy is chasing you with a knife
This is prob my favorite Kanye song ever.
This movie is the story of my life. #reallifemoltres if Stan was around he'd agree it was better than his eyes
For the first minute of the song I thought he was just tuning the piano
Brought here by Joe podcast on spotify....
💔 mad respect 💔
Drake can’t compete with Ye
I win. Game over. Grail does onto u what you've done onto me.
I cant wait for the mbdtf documentary in 10 years
Who here because Yrg he put me on low key
This song is so, sooo sad... I feel so sorry for him. And these girls dancing like dark thoughts in his mind...  I hope he will get all the help he needs to overcome these demons.
watching this I was like "I miss the old Kayne" then I realized now I need to go listen to that song
Ik Kanye kinda crazy but he is seriously talented and I kinda consider him a genius
this brings back memories for anyone else?
Who TF is in charge of decided what words are inappropriate?
I love how in order to make it not drag on forever the intro was way shortened
Kanye's a weirdo, but no one can deny his musical talent. Guy makes masterpieces.
anyone confused how they actually made this song it’s so amazing
This song and “Clover Cage - On My Mind” are the two songs keeping me sane through these tough times. I just want to send love to everyone and I want everyone to know things will get better. We are in this together
it would be cool in this version if it was actually played live in this hall the echo would make it sound amazing
He's quite the piano player..lmao
10 years ago❤️
You ever crave to rewatch a video to get that one specific feeling? Same.
I don’t listen to a lot of rap but this song has been and will be the one of the greatest
A meme brought me back here.
I remember when Kanye preformed this for the first time at the vmas and the next day this kid played it on the school bus and the whole school bus knew the words liked the song didn't just come out
0:15
Too creative! Authentic! Only Ye cud do it....it's still sounds like a new song.....I'm hooked
I wish I had Alzheimer’s so I could listen to this for the first time over and over again it would be worth it
This dude's a genius.
He's crazy as shit but this is still an amazing song and video.
Anyone know where the "look at ya look at ya look at ya" is from?
Kanye west is a genius. They say mania and intelligence go hand in hand and I believe it. 😂
It's still fire tho
True genius🤗 this dude is right for all the wrong reasons💕💋🙏
Kanye has an ability that "normal" people can never understand.
...the ability to confess.
This is brilliant isn’t it? I never get tired of seeing it again. Freaking beautiful to watch and hear.
Kanye west has to be a time traveler this song was so ahead of its time
Genius all the way 💯💎🙌🏼
I don’t know if Kanye will ever make music like this again, but I’m so glad he blessed us with this song (and album)
I'm 38 years old I remember hearing Kanye for first time,(through the wire) and saying to all my friends that time that this guy would be a superstar, that he's an amazing producer and rapper, time proved me right, I wich Kanye all the best, it's not easy going through what he went through and come out same person (mother died so unpredictable,family stabbing in the back, brothers from the start,distancing themselves, have the whole wide world media telling writing how crazy you are, (because he's trying not to fit,how dare you Mr West), you are a inspiration a great artist and I believe a great person too, I wish you all the best and that you can be happy today and forever, your word your music it's for me, what Beethoven,Picasso,Michelangelo, was in their time, you already are in human history as one of our biggest artists, as long we live as Humans In this world your name your works will be here too, May Jesus Walk by Your Side.
The sound quality seems off
this was kanye yelling at khole 😂
Bro where are the comments from like 10 years ago?
The dance performers are doing a greatt job thoughhh!!!!!
why isn't this thing getting 1b views because its dope
CRAZY, DEEP SONG . THESE TYPE OF LYRICS YOU DON'T USUALLY HEAR A GUY RAPPING ABOUT. CLASSIC.
This has to be the greatest song of all time
Still a masterpiece


Not the clean version tho
Creative Genius. KANYE Praying for you🙏🙏🙏🙏
I forgot the name of the song so i typed in "kanye song ding ding ding"
Kanye completely lost it I remember having the spooks watching this video there’s just something about a whole bunch of white girls in black ballerina outfits dancing to Kanye West don’t like to watch this video at night the piano riffs sounds like it should of been used in Halloween 🎃
I just came here after watching Aerosmith's  dont wanna miss a thing , now i would like to run away from here ASAP
SO this guy thinks he's a musical genius? OMG, what a joke! :)
This song will NEVER get old!!
The dancers took the breath outta me... PHENOMENAL!!!
#stillhere2020
*"Thank You Kanye, Very Cool!"*
3:06
These 10 years feel like yesterday.. where did time go?!
3:09
“run away from dababy”
This masterpiece in 480P????
Who's here because of the movie the night before?
Didn’t know Kanye had this good of a voice!
Hip hop's *Runaway Train*

😓😥😰
Fun fact he has the iq of a genius
Ánimo Kanye!!✌️
2020 and I'm here
It’s a shame this masterpiece will never be in proper 1080p
Kanye is a king, my king . One of his best work , the @KING  NO WORDS
Never run, always work at it.. especially if theres a child involved. Life wasnt meant to be easy..
Why did I want to almost drop a tear hearing this ?
An amazing artist derailed by mental issues. Oldest story in the book.
This song puts me in my emotions
“I’m just young, rich and tasteless” - 

Pusha T

Fantastic writing indeed
7 years later and this song is still Gorgeous.
happy birthday, Ye!
24-7, 365 pissop stays on my mind
This is my first time listening to this song, it’s awesome
I realise I’m like Kanye I always find something wrong and my husband been putting up with my suh#t just way too long I’m so gifted to finding what I don’t like the most lmao
The night before brought me here.....
HBD all time classic
August 16, 2020
this song and hold my liqour are my favs of him
Jamming to this during the virus
"Sent a girl a picture of my HEY"
Lmfao 
a masterpiece
one of Kanye's truly timeless classics
The Night Before brought me here tonight.
Es muy cruda 😭
The video doesn't even include the outro, where he's singing through a synthesiser but you can't make out any of his words. That's how he feels when trying to get his point across in public, misunderstood
this song is still my jam.....
i love this song .....this runaway song is the best of all run/runaway songs
I find the beginning simply beautiful
I liked when Seth Rogan (I just realized him and Joe have the same last name) and the guy from third rock from the sun did this song in a movie.
Listening in 2021 already
4:35 *tasteless pee*
1:07 Bill Maher
if only someone would give this man some help...
hooked on a feeling
I wanted to listen to this after so long
I just came here to "cleanse" myself after watching the train wreck that was Bound2... and to remind myself that yes, Yeezy has talent. I miss the old Kanye :(  
3:55 Jesus stays on my mind
3:09 HE SAID IT
Westworld brought me here
Arte💓😍😻
This is old school Kanye, the best Kanye.
This is the BEST!
this man is a genius Prez kanye
344K people just had a toast for 15K  who didnt realise this is genius.
Beyonce was in this video 👀😭?
I don't think I can handle this right now
Just realised this song came out on my birthday.
This is extravaganza just run away with it:).
Am in love with this shit
I was 13 when this song dropped and I remember going crazy over the beat and the main verse " toast to the ..." 
Fast forward 9 years I deeply relate to these lyrics man...
I always end up finding something wrong  in everything...
This song was ahead of its time.
This is a classic
Ishisw = this version of the song needs gtfo
This is what made me love Kanye!!! More please sir we need this shi*!!!!
This is in the top 5 Hip hop music videos of the past decade
Livinho - o mulher que me deixa na ponta do pé
Somehow I cant find the VMA live
One of my favorite songs and music videos of all time
Espero que este sea el proximo himno de EEUU
bound 2 was not that bad but this was better
2020 right song wrong timeline gg love it same way
24/7 *JIZZLE* stays on my mind 😔🙏
If your here listening to this in 2020 your music taste is elite 🔥
Carzy whats happening to Kanye. It made me think of this song for some reason
Runaway is a masterpiece 🔥🔥🔥
I just don't feel it. I tried.
Westworld
In my opinion, this was and probably always will be Kanye’s absolute best.
Shout out to the one that ran away
Beat is so harddddd
So underrated
Kanye brother ❤ your songs always relate to the present when my ears connect again. Wana explain but words are deaf. Sound waves are loud.
RATINHOOOOOW 

UEEEEEEPA
this is kanye's magnum opus.
I truly know and understand the feelings
Who's here after he declared running for office?
GREAT MUSIC 🗣️
I'd fight for kanye.
Throw them hands.
"I took a picture of my HEY" lol
Happy 10<3
just a reminder that this man is running for president
Me waiting for the look at cha
Still supporting this song 😻🙌🏽
Kanye West has unknowingly gained respect from me recently!
This came out a decade ago...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KANYE!!!🎉
West world season 2 episode 2
My mom: Is it #1 or #2?
5 year old me: 4:35
Throw back to the movie this was in haha if uk comment what the movie is
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Still the best song 🥺
This is when he began to lose his mind!
We truly need a miracle. YE 2020 🇺🇸🤙🏽
WEST WORLD LINCOLN....322....3.....UNITED STATES
....
When kanye was yeezy.
Isn't that from "eyes wide shut" ? The piano part....gives the song a whole new meaning
Din'-din'-din' (in my head)))))
Before kim music was on point
10년 지나도 존나 좋다
i came from juice wrlds old soundcloud freestyle to this
Im here from little z parent anybody else
Pusha T is amazing, just look at this line ...''You can either leave/live or leave/live with it''.
Who is still here 2020 "self quarantine" 🕺💃all the way from 🇿🇦
2020🇨🇱🤩🧡
Can’t be more clear than this jam 💔
This song is perfect.
Kanye is the 🐐
forever will be one of the greats
Remember when he was normal
Kings men were ever.i can actually look and operate two people 4 pitchers at a time.word.bugs life for every commands.
Listen to the Silverstein cover of this song.
Kanye West is a musical genius. There is no debate.
Never was much of a romantic
I could never take the intimacy
And I know it did damage
'Cause the look in your eyes is killin' me
I guessin' you're at an advantage
'Cause you could blame me for everything
And I don't know where I'ma manage
If one day you just up and leave
PAMMIE IN MY FAMLII
WHATEVER HAPPENED TO HIP HOP
who’s here in 2021?! ❤️
Best song of the decade🤷🏽‍♂️
Love this song 😢speak on to many facts
Hilarious how modern songs all have 1 minute of random noodling before the actual song starts. In this case the song never started though (or was there supposed to be music here? LOL :D Kanye actually won the election BTW).
Here after watching yourrage
i agree im runaway as fast as i can 😆😆😁
I feel like people learn the lyrics to this song without even trying to
Jamie Foxx said it Best on the Joe Rogan Podcast: With every Beautifully Talented Soul, their torrtured & cursed with internal imperfections! Kanye West is truly an amazing artist! Yet he is truly damaged. :(
I’m sure we all came here for the divorce
Love this song brother
a work of genius
Your art make me happy, because you remind me of my mother  when I used to hold her hands, walking to school together
Thank you kaney west 
You’re the best of the best
Artist asad bunashi
Just recently started listening to kanye and I like what I see 🤗
2020 cuarentena?
YO I MADE THE CLEANEST TRANSITION OF GHOST TOWN 1 AND 2 AND ITS FIRE
Idk but theres something i like about kanyes music its just great
Rap tarihinin net en iyi 10 şarkısından biri
You been puttin up with my swish just way too long
There should never be a clean version
❤❤❤
here because kanye is goat
Imagine if those ballet dancers were all black 😭
Bro is just me but why does the beat sound scary
We all know why we’re here right now
Westworld Episode 2. Season 2
I just missed a free throw to play in a 3 on 3 pickup game and had to listen to this masterpiece to lift my spirits
Man... 🔥🙏👌❤️
Silverstein make this song better xddd
9 years later it still sounds new
Am I the only one triggered af by the dirt stuck to the bottom of those shoes?
Kanye has influenced music the and fashion and sneaker culture more than anybody in 15 years and people hate him why? because he told Taylor Swift she isn't as good as Beyonce which she is...
She probably doesn’t want you. It’ll be okay. We’ll all be happy one day
runaway from DaBaby? what he do⁉️
Runaway from dababy 🏃🏻‍♂️🏃🏻‍♂️
Wow this aged
This sencored version sounds weird...


"HEY!" hahh
I only come here when I'm sad :(
Art!
10 years ago wow
Always here ✋
IM YELLING MR KANYE WEST FOR PRESIDENT, HE PROBABLY LET ME GET SOME HEAD INSIDE THE RESIDENCE
I ain't heard this song in a minute
Beautiful!
I was sittin' daydreamin' when a glowing light appeared nearby in my mind's eye, it gave me a clear vision of someone sittin' crouching, holding a small cup of tea. It's all I could see, momentarily, everything blurry except for somethin eerie... the fingernails holding the small cup were oddly long... I got a sudden urge 'n' felt a sway to type "Run Away" into YouTube, chose the first option which interested me, started watching - and there it was: someone sittin' in that exact crouch position, holding a small cup of tea, with oddly long, long nails...! An Angel lady... Just like the glowing light showed me...
The dislikes are from 11 year olds who are allergic to clean versions
'THE NIGHT BEFORE' brought us here...
Damn 9 years old . Shiiiit I remember watching this on music choice on demand 😂
Kanye West you will do good baby at what ever you want to do ! You are strong! I suffer from mental health too and I so much understand what you talk about. It's funny that they laugh at the one's that speak out and bare their souls. I lost my parents and totally understand what he feels.  Kim is blessed to have a soul to be his everything to Kanye. Kanye will do good things because he has the gift to want better and he has a good woman.
What  deep, moving lyrics. You usually don't hear a hip hop guy talk such truth. Great song. 👍
3:05 Runaway fast as you can
YEEZY YEEZY YEEZY just jumped over the piano
This is so innovative and so ahead of its level
Hardcore Henry.i am
What if this song was for your his wife warning her of his future state. (i.e. this is old Kanye that everyone loved and 2020 Kayne gets a lot of heat for being "crazy")
Kanye, your music is genius.
10년전 뮤비와 곡 맞아...?
Qui est lá en juillet 2020☺️👌??
If this man is so righteous why did he forge 1,900 false signatures on the ballot 
He should be in jail
I’m listening during quarantine what about you ?
i hadnt watched "have you seen kanye wests new video with kim!?" until a few minutes ago and that is an epic piece of shit, and then i see this in the suggestions... this is proper music and the real kanye. 
Im high as hell
3:20 - 3:23 best 3 seconds of my life
I don't know Kanye was the original. Nice cover by Silverstein. :D
I would like to thank Stanley Kubrick who inspired this song (specifically the movie “eyes wide shut”) and a thank you to all the assholes. 🥂
this is classic gold, hope Kanye can keep producing music like this
2020 🐐
Teacher: Kanye what's 1+1?
Kanye: 6
Teacher: how did you get that answer 
Kanye : I'm a creative genius
as a kid i heard some of his music but i never knew he was this good man he is a genius
look up juice wrlds freestyle to this
Still hard to listen to in 2020
Oh I’m running lol
There was a time when Kanye was untouchable.
I hope that this plays in heaven
Revisiting this masterpiece in 2021
Wish i would've ran away!!!!! Lets have a toast to all the women doing it ...ALONE
alas my curse. I Out listen the most listenable songs I hear.....til they are unlistenable
Who's just here to watch ther ballerinas scatter to the stage, or in this case, the soundstage, designed to emulate a cement public street, stained with oil, and other automobile fluids that leak.
Vine por rixito ✌🏼
I still don't understand why it didn't even get 1 billion views....Kanye s music deserves much more than Taylor swift
10 years
Jesus loves you! He loves u so much that He died on the cross for your sins and rose from the dead so that you could be saved from sin!! You can be saved from hell if you believe and trust in Jesus!!
Pusha T better be in the official top 50 rappers all time
Is it just me or is the intro reminiscent of Kanye's Say You Will?
kanye west is a living legend
Recuerdan el capitulo de Kayne West en South Park? Jaja
Thought it was snowpoint city
imma just say it: kanye the greatest person to make music ever.
I'm here because I saw Westworld... I'm a lil' bit ashamed by that fact...
ALTHOUGH HE'S STRANGE SOMETIMES-THIS IS ONE GIFTED BROTHER
They deleted the mtv version of it?
last song i’ll ever hear :/
i wish things could be different, im sorry life did us both like this, in the end i think we'll all be okay
PETITION TO MAKE THIS THE NATIONAL ANTHEM
Hes a true gemini, because this is me on a daily
wouldnt have got the cheese if i new it wouldnt fit
Here after Westworld
2021! GENIUS!
Masterpiece
kanye's "friends" at the dinner are giving his bird girlfriend the cold shoulder because they think she doesnt belong, and kanye realizes his living in a shallow and jaded world. he makes this song for her. 

The bird girlfriend is also a representation of kanye's innate being, and what materialism and society has left Kanye feeling lonely and unsatisfied.
Silverstein did it Better!
The dancers!
lets have a toast for the *FOR THE FOR THE*
This should be the theme to Kanye’s presidential campaign..
Anyone here from the actual fucking album this came from?
2:07
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🐐❤️💨💵🧢💰🐐
“Run away from DaBaby” 3:09
24/7..365 p#$$¥ stays on mind  T killed it
I hope Kanye keeps his head up. I know he got a lot going on rn
His best song ever by a long way!
Who here after he went on a crazy rant
이게 2011년에 나왔다고?
This is what Kanye needs to get back to being Kanye. Lock yourself in the studio for as long as you need to. We will all be waiting here on the other side. Much love as always from the Chi. 💕
AMAZING SONG, He should make this type of songs, morr.
The best of the best.
Wassup President
Capybara eats watermelon
ever wondered where all the ballerinas from this song are today
This song actually helped me a lot!!
Little z anyone
(Also I really love this song I just came back again cause of little z
4:15
who's here after the divorce?
Best song ever
who is here because of The Night Before
People clownin on Kanye but he really one of it not the best we got
Como este video tiene menos que el el de 6ix9ine? 2020?
Praying for you Ye 🙏
The piano makes me cry
nothing new but this album was an absolute masterpiece.
2020 and I I'm still jamming to this gem
I just wann say kanye saved my life
1:59
When you're born into a Mormon family.
I sent this GIRL a picture of my HEY
Who is watching this after the kanye's divorce?
2:06
Someone explain the music video
Honestly. I think Silverstein did a better cover for Punk Goes Pop.
mr kanye west
Just taking my ticket of here before they died
This Kanye this... I miss this Kanye. I know all the words. Dam Kanye come back we miss u.
1:59
gta 4 sound effect
My all favorite song from Kanye,, Masterpiece!
Even the word "shit" is censored.. wtf
If you are high listening to this Kanye voice is like angel
this song will never get old
10 years today!
I love how every time a person tries to disrespect Kanye they end up making a fool out of themselves, especially in this comment section.
tohIS  SOngi i sl ove skoanye  agsdOKOANCOYE OWELST I  4i lo
Just realized the lady that turned around at the table is Kanye’s mom and she’s telling him to “runaway” from heaven this was a Suicide note.
I wanted to watch the video for once while listening to the song, and i am greeted by this twisted abomination of a song. im sorry kanye
When you officially join the BBC...
This is the most underated song of all time.... A masterpiece
Why am I crying
2020
3:07
3:09 runnaway from  dababy
This video is absolutely gorgeous. Everyone else's arguments are irrelevant.
Beautiful song for a beautiful short film
Needs more Klingon 360 vs 365
Still ahead of its time
dude perfect
This is one of the few songs within recent years that I consider true art.
I have just finished listening to MBDTF and I think it is safe to say that my taste in music is superior to everybody else's
Who’s listening to this in 2020?
0:19
I accidentally came here whilst searching for “runaway from DaBaby” meme, and now i find myself falling through a rabbit hole of nostalgia... I remember the days when i would sit in the back seat of my dads car while this song would play through the speakers.... i just want those days back
Kanye genius
Who else here to cleanse they ears after listening to nah na nah
❤️💞👏
legend
This song ugh. My ex used to get drunk and listen to this on repeat since he was such an asshole and a drunk. Nothing but bad memories with this tune.
Beat is legendary
Still hits different 👁️♾️👁️
Idk but it reminds me of Moby
well, he warned us, didn't he?
4:14
Back when Kanye used to be...
La partition pour piano de ce chef-d’œuvre a dû faire se retourner Mozart dans sa tombe ! Quant à l'interpréter, je pense que je pourrais aussi. Tout en écrivant ce commentaire avec mes neuf autres doigts. 
The piano score of this masterpiece had to turn Mozart into his grave! As for the interpretation, I think I could too. While writing this comment with my other nine fingers.
im here in 2020 who else great song
Grave next to my grandmas
best part is when kanye gets on the piano
People like to argue between pac biggie and slim and yes they’re best
But Kanye plays in he’s own league
Just don't have that toast out of a Grammy
What's the song's name that says "ANNU WANNA WEEEEII"?
i hate how this video version is so censored 😩
The James Brown of Rap, revolutionized this shit twice , all the great artist you hear, all inspired by him 
10 years? Goddam we all gettin old
I can’t get enough of this song
2020?...july 31..almost
Runaway from Dababy
there is pain..Dude is rhyming about himself..and i can relate....I guess that's how I see it...but go back to your reality shows sheep
So beautiful. Still. 🖤
아이패드 6세대 등 국내 부자 시장 규모는 약 절반 정도 지난 것으로 알려졌다 그리고 제가 좋아하는 제 블로그 이벤트 후기 이벤트 안녕하세요 잇님들 오늘 데리러 온 가족 이야기 안녕하세요 이웃님들 블로그 이웃 여러분 모두 행복한 하루 보내시길
RUNAWAY FROM DABABY!
Capolavoro
Get well soon Kanye! 💗
❤️👏👏👏👏👏🎤
if youre an uzi fan, hop off this
Kalash Criminel ft Damso
Was reading the comments for this song thought I was in for a treat,  MEH , you kids need to expand your musical horizons.
No matter how much you dislike Kanye, you can't say he's not a musical genius 
I need friends...
YO BIG!!
Kanye is the only person that could have made something like this.
Just sent this to my NOW ex!!! Goodbye!!!
Shaq brought me here
1:43 *Toast for the Toast*
Why he stopped making music..?!
Not long enough!!
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
I’ll never get over this song
imagine thinking Kanye isn't a genius and one of the best artists of all time
*Piano itself sounds scary*
Kanye makes the most beautiful music
This is one of the best albums of all time!!!
HAPPY 10 YEAR ANNIVERSARY TO THIS MASTERPIECE
Gathering signatures for my boy Kanye West in Arizona right now to allow him to run for presidential elections. Allow him to get on the ballot 🤗
Kanye's the Tesla of our time, most of us won't know how great he is until decades later. The few who realize his real genius are afraid to accept it in public.
who still here in 2020?
''I sent that girl a picture of my HEEEYYYYY''
never has this song been more relevant for Kanye than it is at this moment of time
My Favourite band is Silverstein and they did a cover on this song. By them it's a pretty mindblowing song, but NOW the original song is waaaay beyond that.
Miss you Ye
💭💭💭💭💯💯💯💯bangerrr to thissss dayyh
The ballerina in the front dancing on her toes is awesome, this video was genius.
Who's here after hoodville??
Kanye speaking from the heart but no one listened
🤤
This is prob my favorite Kanye song ever.


no lie only  authentic views c o m  is real
Kanye is such a fucking genius, massive respect for him. One of my fav Kanye songs
That piano gives me chills
God gives God take away too🌟👀
these violent delights have violent ends
10
Anyone else come here after the Dame game winner video?
literally kanye's magnum opus
I think it’s time for us too have a toast
......Family Reunion isaiah 54:10
1010 to Oct 15 2020 King Jordan Venus Shield at RiCon & Spoon Bill.illusion & NM Fins Up 1960- Sky & Gravity Truth Sanctuaire ?? 
Wil Smith & Reshia Minggia song for Shield Worker bees 
Snider TX George Town Tx Properties Reversion
.https://youtu.be/kMhUt5Y7fNc
Jennifer Beale SSA Job using Reshia Minggia phones
Nyc strat kids Work. For & With mrs and Mr Dow strayder Austin TX
https://youtu.be/UWoyeuwj9c0
Kanye West ..
.https://youtu.be/Bm5iA4Zupek
westartwork@gmail.com
. Reshia Minggia Desert Willow RV park I'm Reshia Minggia Van Horn TXhttps://youtu.be/LxcnyiCQNug
They force me to sleep outside 1976-2020
Need Who wants to Work & Live with us 
gibsonshalandra@gmail.com
vickiecleveland1@aol.com
kristiebailey102@yahoo.com
aphill45@gmail.com MS 
Info@Co bolt Grill .com OH 
kevin@alpharoofs.com NC 
webblaw@yahoo.com
TwowheelerDealerNC@gmail.com
balancebytpuchmassage@gmail.com
The concrete Rose.nc @ Gmail 
andrew.joseph@me.comTX 
Rv glass Experts & Solutions OR 
Jose ramos Zeyela ...NY
https://youtu.be/8jCovd6Mw-A
Action Kid NYC 


 today over the 1020-2020 Worldwide Properties Reversions For God Family construction projects 
My phone and Email are Temp blocked 
Family Reunion 
.
Family Reunion
Thank you West Cook Delores & W  A Minggia Sr, Pepsi Human T mobiles & West Star 1010-Oct 15 2020 Spoon Bill leaf given to Corner of Hope for Isaiah 54 :10 Corrected with the building  Corner of Hope ElPaso TX  Corrected...1950-2020 Family Reunion invite.We need for God family only n MS TX God lands.need only who will respect & Appreciate the humans with 1880-2020 Earned SSA God lands Preservationists JOBs & Seats & God's Family In TX MS God lands .Lord Leo Naylor, Kevin Schmeigel, Corey & Donnell at Corner of Hope ElPaso TX Started Taxing 411 Relicattion Fees public Utilities Shut off fees & Phones Shut off fees to Relicatables n TX MS God lands. 1897-2600 Willie & Reshia Minggia TX landlords  mcdonalds.customercare@us.mcd.com Isaiah 54:10 1010- Oct 14 2020 corrected w/ William & Jay Lake & George Carter, (Hobby Lobby Matress from National Franchises & LA Physical Land Lord) carterjewelers@gmail.com Reshia Minggia born 1969 20th generation king jordan 10th Generation AT& T phones Family Working for God's family  in public Fwd: Automatic reply: 1978-Oct 14 2020 Sonagram.Program USDA case Number requesting 1702-2300 Properties Lease & Reversions for 1552-2600 ElPasoTX Resident & Sanctuaire Working on Returning Zion & 1955 Sanctuaire, The Sonagram Man Ongoing Looking for For Go...
.


.1020 to Oct 14 2020 U tube videos 
https://youtu.be/XJJ3QmHlkPg
Spoonbills Feeding UHD 
..
It's A Dogs Life
https://youtu.be/wgnVE5PUkpA
New to the Future Game Channell
..
Kevinn Campbell Can we Talk Song
https://youtu.be/xeWWJysyOHc
.

Beautiful bird in flight 
https://youtu.be/ap1d2WTNOAw
..
Woman caught on camera
Ms Medina 
Larkin Darter 
1974-2020
https://youtu.be/dU89qScPudc
.


wminggia@gmail.com 
lnaylor@hotmail.com
Support@simpli safe 
Com 
gmuellen@co.lancaster.pa.us
 civicplus@support.com
Carter jewelers @ Gmail 
Info@SKH PA 
The copy center.rr @ Gmail
Papa ell @ AOL
Jw Reed82@ Outlook
terrywood2017@gmail.com
terancejohnson@gmail.com
albertmiller@gmail.com
hardydaniel220@gmail.com
epac217mesa@att.net
nextlevelgeneration03@gmail.com
frankhornsby74@gmail.com
donaldduncan73@yahoo.com
PeterBahtkta Desert inn Van horn@ Gmail 
NC Bio Wizard @ Gmail 
zachjohnson@yahoo.com mgarcia@satisbistro.com
Steve Perry steveperry051@gmail.com
Good news! If anyone lives in Canada. I have an Amazon.ca storefront with some good deals and I got what you're looking for... Do come and check out my Amazon.ca storefront by clicking the link down below. Also, let me know if you saw this ad and bought it from my Amazon.ca storefront. Thanks!

http://amzn.to/2zQewFh

Bonnes nouvelles! Si quelqu'un vit au Canada. J'ai une vitrine Amazon.ca avec de bonnes affaires et j'ai ce que vous cherchez ... Venez découvrir ma vitrine Amazon.ca en cliquant sur le lien ci-dessous. Aussi, faites-moi savoir si vous avez vu cette annonce et l'avez achetée dans ma boutique Amazon.ca. Merci!

http://amzn.to/2zQewFh
Kanye west is a lyrical genius and there's just no other way to word it
Meme del carpincho
Great performance
Thank you kanye
3:09 run away from dababy
One of his best songs. I love 808 and Heartbreak too. My favs.
When is Kanye gonna upgrade the town hall to level 6
Most beautiful thing I've ever seen
YE
Now I think it's time for us to have a toast
So gifted at finding what I don't like the most
idk why my friends don't like this song. it makes me want to scream and tear their face off
Puse la mejor cancion pensando que este gil tenia buenas canciones y me encuentro con esta porqueria de cancion xd ,bueno es mil veces mejor que la kk de bbunny
goodnight everyone except taylor
Biden never did anything as good as this 😡😡
Genius is borderline madness. Aristotle.
Kanye is genius, but I'm gonna say Pusha T was great here.
im ready to run
He just posted a clean version
Perfect
The Night before......anyone?
prolly the first 2021 comment on this song
Isn't it the DUDE who running for president?
What’s good about this !?
Here's a toast to my real friends
They don't care about that he said, she said
And here's to my baby
He ain't reading what they call me lately
And here's to my momma
Had to listen to all this drama
And here's to you
'Cause forgiveness is a nice thing to do
I can't even say it with a straight face
I blame every thing on every one in my house besides my mom
remember when they censored songs
My favourite Kanye song of all time
wait wait wait ... only 56m views... ?????!!!!
Kanye я тобой восхищаюсь ! спасибо за творчество!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kanye is having a toast for himself
who here after hearing that kanye lost and biden won 2020
Que buena rola
Run away from dababy
When will the rap end bruh
Stop hating on my mans Yeezus
Still Vibing To It 2025 & Beyond 100%
This man made some of the best music in his prime. Sad he doesn’t  have that same level of talent today.
Todavía suena fresco
Modern urban song of lament.  This could be a country song with a different musical background.  Love this.....this is the genius of Kanye that escapes many people.
From the night before
Don’t let TikTok see this
Pusha T kills on every Kanye track. Not a big Kanye fan with all the media craziness, but that doesn't mean we can't love his music. New God Flow was good, so was Goodnight with Mos Def.
Best hip hop beat  ever
Autumn, 2020
I’m to young to sing this I’m 10
clean versions should be banned
Best of the best
One of the greatest Hip hop songs ever
Shallow Charlatans.
Impeccable
why people try to censor art
🇺🇸 KANYE 2020 🇺🇸
Y'all go ahead Kanye and  Pusha
Happy 10th Anniversary to My Beautiful Dark Twisted Runaway😍
💗😍 I love You Kanye
Bridge hits different 😏
베이스나올때 ㄹㅇ 소름개돋음;;;;;;;; 오늘도 싸고갑니다;;;
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
These kids will neva know this
4K remaster right here: https://streamable.com/h8kgb4
RUNAWAY FROM D A B A B Y😫💯
Not gonna lie but have eerie feelings when I'm listening to this song as it is sort like a forthcoming of what happened with Kanye recently. 

I wish him well and in good spirits to keep fighting with the things he dealing with. Sad to see that a talent like himself to go through something that hard to get people to understand but oneself.

I hope he will be able to make a masterpiece like this album again. One of the greatest album of all time.
Everyone saying what he should and shouldn't do lol
I'm just thankful to be bless with music like this. It's a perfect song and he has plenty. He's a genius and he inspires me as a music producer, as a man, and as a human being. Yall like to hate too much but it's coded in u so it is what it is. Some appreciate some dislike and some hate for hating sake. End of the day this song is deep and the video is artistic :)
2020 #Vision2020
this brings back memories when rap really is packing something so meaningful rather hearing some  mumble rap for parties.
I hate yt for making every bop clean version I stg
I wish the piano wasn’t in it a replaced with somethin else
Good song, but the censored swearing really messes with the flow of the lyrics
Still here from the night before
That piano is something else man. Fuuuuuuck it’s so good
This îs not a song is a masterpiece.
I can feel you mate
He's a god, I think.
It's  a leap year

Pusha T: Atleast I don't have to worry or think about women  for one 24 hours
RIP Bumblebee 😔
Esta es la canción?
Most incredible song
if you think that Kanye is not the same any more than you are not a Kanye fan. Kanye is still the same person, but peoples perspectives and musical tastes change with time. 
So imma run away1111 🌚👁🌙👁
Comic. If Vudu had a hand in making mr. West??like yep run away he's now a robotics.Emootow.africa will tell you.meet the achent Amrican vudu.yes challenge to the American 👉🤗🤫
3:04 runaway from dababy
YE FOR P!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hate when people hate on Kanye one of the best ever
I cannot believe that this man has created Nah Nah Nah
GOAT
A great song. His best. His only song that is any good at all
juice wrld freestyled to this
"I sent this girl a picture of my ayy"-Kanyelidus homogeneous
🙏
Salve Ramon
Im sorry but the glorious sons have replaced this version. Johnny did it with hurt and trent acknowledged that with grace and respect. Do the same kanye.
Still go hard
Mad respect Kanye your the best bro 🔥
I love this December 2020
Pusha is amazing.
2020 look at cha. . Who was that artist that was a degas
"Why Kanye is better than Jay Z"


Exhibit A:
From THIS to Bound 2 ? Damn.
"Runaway from dababy"  #stolen 😂
This songs so relatable
Kanye West anit crazy.He playin with the world.facts
💯
best and most creative kanye song
This is probably the best Kanye has produced.
What happened Kanye you used to be amazing
Pone a bailar a los angeles caidos y el satanas
Dam i wish he became president
WATCHING THIS IN 2016!!!!!!!
I like
These violent delights have violent ends. -W-
I can't believe he made this...So smart but these days he is just left field....wow
BRO TAKE YOUR MEDS!!!!!!!
0:40 from the echo of the piano to the Clean transition to pure piano and then the beat landing, fuck me I got the shivverz down my whole body, it gave me nistalgia from when I first heard it back in 2012. This song can't be topped and never will be.
Struggling with drug addiction and always fucking shit up for my girl . this song hits so god damn deep
No diversity amongst the dancers 👯
Tremendo satánico marionetas de la elite
Rip Garfield
I miss this kanye he is actually a gifted musican
This video should be three trillion watches.  Nothing but the truth.
👌
3:10 dababy
Это крышеснос, я помню ее когда был юнцом она была супер, а сейчас мне 34 и это звучание уносит меня, я даже не понимал тогда насколько это крутой трек!
This song was too good for me


*i think im overdosing*
Kanye isn't wrong when he claims to be a genius but he is batshit crazy. I would know cause we have the same birthday 😂😂😂😂
Nobody:
Jay: baby I got a plan, run away fast as you can
casi 4 años regreso  escuchar esta canción, este himno del mundo que se creo en el 2010,. buen tema del maestro Kanye West. temon!!!
Runaway more like running for president am I right boiiiiisss up top
Dammmmmn.. this song is still banging!!!! 🙌 thanks kuwtk for reminding me of this classic!
Crap aaaa crapppp aaaaaaa
X Æ A-12
hey i dont take work off
Miss the old Kanye 😞.
It´s 2016 and I´m still getting goosebumps while listening to old Kanye songs... timeless music !
It doesn't sound like anything to me.
Great old school hit and now he running for president. Okay
Kanye 2020 😈💪🏾
On 2nd November 2020 15:32hrs
WEST WORLD LINCOLN...AMERICAN HUSTLE RECORDS....AFTERMATH ENTERTAINMENT....DEATH ROW RECORDS.....DARK SIDE MUSIC...
is this the song that goes ahahahahahaa
Wtf is this a music lol
The best song
Still watching in 2016. Honestly probably the best song I have ever heard. So much meaning but such a simple beat. Even though he's a douche now, I think Kanye West is one of the greatest artists to ever walk this earth.
Great melody and beat
😊
Never was much of a romantic..
I love this song
Here in 2019 and still listening to this masterpiece, Kanye is a legend
If you see in 2020 , i wish you a good life
Pusha's verse was not long enough. I will always say this.
where the f is distorted look at ya?
The new national anthem
Reminds me of my drives to college.. Kanye was my soundtrack to life during the most fun years of my life. ❤️💜❤️💜☺️
One of the best songs ever created
How I had to bring in 2021
Juice WRLD did a freestyle to this song and it’s just as fire
Never was much of a romanticccc
I could never take the intimaceeee
And I know it did damaaggeeeeee
Cause the look in your eye is killing meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

I’m guessing you’re at an advantage
Cause you could blame me for 
Everythinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng

And I don’t know how imma manage
If one day you just up and 
Leaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaave
The Night Before brought me here! Movies they bring music together.
WEST WORLD LINCOLN KARDASHIAN....MUSIC IS LIFE.....322.....3....EGYPT......
This shit tasty
I am a 57 y.o white female grew up poor in the south DID NOT have ANY info on mr. West other than a name and the words rapper and money.I saw an interview with David //‘letterman....he grasped my attention.....he’s engaging...literateate in a way that speaks to even my person and my background...’i am a kenny chesney and chris stapelton miranda lambert fan......so he’s young and bold with many voices other than rapper and money....a spiritual man who can paint a vivid word picture whether the topic is bipolar or fatherhood ....some would say that’s a ‘high dollar’ word for a poor white female definitely from the south y’all...they don’t know me......he is bright articulate across barriers and the space between Chicago where I have never been and my Tennessee/Kentucky border home I live and love....I am also a President trump person because he is a President of all of us y’all...and I will not be bullied out of my opinion and my opinion of Mr West is he is a fine person with many voices.....song is okay for a country kicking southern chic all my 57 years....not into anything whatsoever above WalMart ....liked the shoes....You would make an interesting voice and intelligence in Congress.....
My gf is just about to runaway and I can't bare to lose her I don't no what to do, I've never loved someone else as mucha
Quarantine brought me back to this classic 💯
Here because of Joe rogan
Who still be listening this in 2020?
I'm glad this song doesn't have billion views, it's rare and secret with no douchbags and assholes so let's have a toast for that
Look at you.
Mr.West in the building.. #runaway #myjam
This song is about mental illness, anyone struggling with it... this song describes so much
Esta fue la obra  maestra de la década pasada
Imagine if kanye just made music and never spoke in public. He'd be revered.
August 2020 and I'm still enjoying this joint
just to see kanye west smile in his life will mak my day lol the dude always look mad
Lets hope I’m not the only person who came here from bo burnham
Amber Rose...sure did run away
Es bellisima
How can I ever stop playing this song 😫😫😫
Kanye and Pusha T shutting the game down right now, they're shitting on Drake.
This is good rly good
Whos still listening to this 2021?
one of his best songs
Obsessed
Honestly isht doesn't really work for me
My boyfriend just asked me to marry him while this song was playing... i said YES!!!!! This is our special song now. My boyfriend made a song about when we first met and you can find it by searching “Clover Cage - Secret Admirer”, he’s so talented! I’m in the music video too. I’m sending love to everyone during these tough times.....
Let's have a toast for the  t o a s t
Why are some of these comments like new lol
Man, Kanye may be an asshole, but he sure makes good music. 
beautiful
10 years ago 🖤
10 years later. If your watching this your a legend.
Can’t believe this is 10 years old
I love Kanye's music and I don't care what people say. I just don't like that loads of people judge him and throw shade at him
Happy birthday Kanye
Talented dude that Kanye
Such a dope beat.
Kanye’s a genius
So I think it's time for us to have a toast... 
If Kanye ever becomes president you already know what to do.
BlackAF reminded me of this song
uh..good!
November 2020 
Still here
Come and watch the skinny kid with the steadily declining mental health and laugh as he attempts to give you what he cannot give himself
August 2020 baby we here
cut too short on pusha verse and too many censored words but other than that its a masterpiece
How does this not reach to 1B 😞💔
Did you guys know he’s a billionaire now
Respect. This is art. People don't understand that
Coronavirus
Runaway from dababy
10/10 years today
Happy 10 years
This is an awesome song and video 
Ballerina 
Holy holy
best kanye song ever
Essa música é demais
This one song absolves KW of all his misdeeds and stupidities and then some....
Don't deny that Kanye has at least put out some of the catchy beats in hip hop/r&b. Y'all will continue to listen to his shit.
Love you kanye west
rachel and jun
Simple but powerful visuals
My anthem
Who's watching this tomorrow ?
ratinhoooo
how often u sing this song to your wife heh Kanye?
Who’s here in 2021
This is a classic piece of art. Doesnt get the credit because its kanye
For some reason I feel better when I listen to this song. It's a proper conclusion. I guess I did have feelings for her. I just regret not showing it.
Hard to swallow pill: Kanye still needs help but is surrounded by yes-men and people who only want money and shit. When you’re a celebrity and have all this money people just ignore your struggles or laugh at them
Power !
Flowofhustle 100
Run away from dababy
This fucking song been stuck in my head for the past 10 hrs
Kanyes still the best rapper alive
In my opinion the silverstain version is better for me
He's running for president
🇸🇱🇸🇱🇸🇱🇸🇱👍👍👍👍👍
The night before brought me here 😂
First song of 2021 lets go
We miss you Kanye...
RUNAWAY FROM DABABY
YRG🥰
No matter what Kanye does he will forever be a legend... HE MADE FUCKING RUNAWAY...
This song pretty much sums up people now...
RUNAWAY FROM DABABY
How many Grammys do trump and Biden have exactly Kanye 2020
2021 anyone?😉
None of this mans music videos are uninteresting.
When Kanye West becomes a President, this song shall be the Anthem.
Juice wrld freestyle is better then the Og
Unpopular Opinion: The Kardashian Family makes all the men they bring in go crazy.
This song. Rescued me
Why can't he go back
I love Kanye so muchhh.
Oh Polo
I love u kanye west q
Its good
runaway as fast as You can.
Kanye 2020
I was excited to hear this again. Censoring music does not improve it. sigh....
This song is fire
Kanye is so convinced about his so-called talent that he's even got others convinced.
he is speaking on most men's mentality, damn
Yeah best Song
This guy is super talented. I don't understand why people hate him.
Es la unika rola q me gusta de kanye
This is a masterpiece....point blank..this is art at its best
"Let's have a toast for the douchebags" lol he just mentioned himself.
Nice
Does Kanye read these comments, cause wow
Ye is the 🐐
Kanye west is a good singer
most of the hate towards Kanye is pretty much instinctive - you read some shit about how he was an asshole in public, and it just feels good to hate him.. we all love to have an enemy. But srsly he's not even that bad , just got rekt by media

on another note, what the hell were they doing with the censorship O_O
Who from hoodville??
Wait...why does this only have 58 millions views?!
Wow !!!
Cools
Such a tune but annoying they cut out the swear words what's the point more worse stuff on YouTube then a couple of "naughty words" hahaha but great song
RUNAWAY FROM DABABY
Me and my brother were on our way to pick up my sister from a school party and this played will we where driving. I’m glad I did . Kanye will always be remembered
Kanye is always a hard of  time.
This aged very well , still sounds like I came out yesterday.
Beat crazy 2019
Bob ross
Miley cyrus stole this beat.
Dis the same guy that ran for president?
This aged well.
This is one of the best music videos I have seen ever... really is! When it comes down to music videos, Kanye has them on point
Legendary
Master piece
Kanye plays in a whole other league...
The piano in this song is the greatest piano composition of all time. I wish he had stuck with the piano instead of making it a hip hop song.

Maybe I'm off, but that's imo
Happy 10th
🔽 people that came back after rage
Te amo Kanye por ti le hecho ganas a la escuela
Ralph
wow, this guy actually was talented. I like the visuals in this video. I like the song too.
Shit kanye I forgot how great you are
Ye 4 president 2020
one of his best songs for sure
ski mask the slump god
go president
Westworld!!!
I miss the Pre-Kardashian Kanye
Best fucking song ever period.
Everybody just wait on the new album.  He'll (old Kanye) be back.  I can see it.
Bun bun bun bun
#VISION2020
Ralph
Censored version is garbage lol 2020 thanks for being snowflakes!
Lol Jeffree star
Kanye was a decade ahead of us.
I think this was his best song.
Nur dank Monte hier
Kanye is God
Censorship is a hctib
Beautiful
Juice did it better 👀
Baku approves
2018, who's still here
Pray for Kanye
Wow good song!
After a long day of work, Kanye West goes to his Kanye Nest to take his Kanye Rest. He wakes up feeling his Kanye Best. Then he’ll get Kanye Dressed on his Kanye Vest to go on a Kanye  Quest. He goes to church and becomes Kanye Blessed, then to a hotel room to be a Kanye Guest. He goes to school to take his Kanye Test. He forgot to brush his teeth. Did he run out of Kanye Crest? His neighbor stole it, what a Kanye Pest.
I enjoy this song, but don't understand it.. please explain it to me..
real talk though I love this song
Dafaq
Anyone here because of tiktok
2:02 he definitely shit himself and was wafting it about
I sent this girl a picture of my 

HEY!!
"Lets have a toast for the scum bags everyone of them that i knowww" 🎶
Me: Listening to Kanye

Kanye: You've been putting up with my ISHWITZ
On October 21'st 2020 (this year) Worldstar will make a post talking about "Ten years ago today Kanye released Runaway".
I didn't know how I end up here,, I started from "hitting my shadow with a stick".... -2020
i love how in the beginning of the piano part it echos
I like this video so much ! It’s giving me extra mood ! West RuleZZzz
"Yea I always find
Yea I always find something wroooong"
Ive been not interested in him so far, but I cant deny his sense from now on.
masterpiece
I shit you not this is the best song of all time. No cap.
Every time I hear that piano note I still get the chills 😂😂
"Now pick your next move, you can leave or live with it." Ouch , real😔
Was waiting for that “look at ya” in the start
I just love this song waaaay too much! It’s awesome and I could listen to it all day
Westworld <3
When he said “you’ve been putting up with my sh-ish just way too long,” I felt that.
Ten years later - still amazing.
A fire song is dropping on YouTube recommendations, HEY! build a good comment, lower the dislikes, and save the best song on YouTube
I have never played a piano in my life, but I know for sure I would rock this one.
still the GOAT
When i listen this intro when i am home alone i thought that i will be murdered
Spain ❤️🌹EEUU. Rip coronavirus
why this piece of art has so much less views than "i love it" ft. lil pump. 
WHY!?! what's wrong with you people?!
칸예 최애곡.. 9년전 군대에서 선임때문에 미친듯이 들었던..
Amazed there was room enough for this comment next to the lyrical genius's ego, just kidding there is no room at all
eh needs more “LOOK AT CHA LOOK AT CHA”
SNEAKO🤙🏽❤️
Best thing I've heard in 2020..Please, argue with me 👽🔂🔂🔂🔂
Kanye you are my Gemini brother, but I don't see any Chocolate 🤦🏾‍♀️
Hearing this for the first time a decade after its release 🧐 and I think this is a banger. Kanye makes great music.
2020 🎶 nostálgico
I would say back because of the Coronavirus but that just isn’t true. This song is amazing
Love this song❤
Who's here (again) after Westworld 2nd episode from Season 2? 😎🤯
The piano intro always gets me.
OMG got some chicken and zebra cakes I may ssed the captain crunch
2020 👍🏿💯💯💯😎
For some reason this song makes me feel so sad. It reminds me of sad goodbyes
When Kanye was part of metoo before metoo
I found it and now i cant exit. 🥺
This is a simple beat.
You changed my life with this song Ye. I’ll never runaway from you. Only from life
I miss him so much 😔
I was watching a piano tuning video and remembered how much I love this song.
1:26 You've been puttin' up with my _snish_ just way too long
started watching westworld in quarentine at home and reminded me this song.! fireee
THE 🐐🐐🙌🏽🙌🏽💕
Sounds like a cat that you grab at the balls. And then it sounds like the cat has eaten its balls...
Ill listen to ye's discography before Jesus is king and pretend that it never came out and yahndi is around the corner
Kanye west has difficult music🤔🤔 in paino in runaway success song I like it song😎🤟
2020's people ,🖖
2020 ?
Still someone listening to this beautiful Song in 2020?
preMAGA.. Classic!
a modern classic!
legendary
one of the best music videos of all time.
Heavy is the head that Wears the Crown 👑🙏🏽💯
Wow - published on YouTube in 2010. Where have I been?
Memories 🤦🏽‍♂️😩
Demonic possession or maybe schizoes!!! ahhahah
2020...still listening to this like it came out yesterday.
Back when he was still dope.
Westworld brought me back to this song
A man's man!
this sounds way better without that "look at you" every 3 secs
Big City life, me try to get by...
i dont know what i was looking for but this isnt it
Esta cancion se convirtió en mi obsecion desde que la escuche en el reality de kim kardashian
아 좋다
This song is like 8 years old but that beat drop 👌👌👌👌 mama Mia we have a spicy meatball
this is art.
Masterpiece
Favorite Kanye quote... Go! I’m trying to see something
Runaway from corona!!!?
To my baby girl one n only cheyanne I luv u
2020 baby baby 🔥🖤🎵
How many ppl 👋 and filling it?
2k20 baby! Who else is in :)
It is now 2020 and I wanted to drop by to say hello to my gayfish.
No song will ever hit harder
westworld brought me here.
Yooooo this is sick
He should recreate this with like every celebrity
Расисты,почему негры сидят за белым столом и их обслуживают белые...и танцуют белые для них.
Best song xd
Still one of my all-time favourites
Say what you will but dude can make bangers when he wants
Pusha T killed it
Does anybody need another self-righteous rock singer
whose nose he says has led him straight to God
At least this one has a melody
We need this kanye back
Who else heard this song for the first time on Triple J hottest 100 of the decade?!
i love this
2020?
2020?
10 years old song..what a masterpiece
Dude what a mess is the video version
my guy sneako
Westworld, anyone ?
What did I tell you, Kay?
La verdad no me canso de escuchar está canción .
Why i haven't heard this before?
🤟✌️
Josh always never forgot RIP My Friend
never gets old
Best Kanye album by a mile or km for Europeans
Creative to the max
Jesus everybody get in sense sticks those aren't bought out everywhere
👏👍👏
KUWTK production is savage for using this song 😆
1:19
1:19
1:19
Free replays no likes needed
Damn, this shit is too much for all.
kanye keep kudos!
Westworld brought me here
I.NEED.IIT UNIIT.SYSTEM---RESPONCE. UNT.OUT
2020
Just found this song and boy am I glad I did
What are you doing here? Go to the 9 minute version
best kanye song the production is UNREAL
2020 anybody?
And I always find something and I always find something wrong
Rap singer kanye west HipHop atar USA
It is a magic❤
Whose here 2020 ? ✋
The shortest 9 minute song ever made.
Stop saying his a narsecist listen, to The lyrics he does not just make music he makes art.
here in 2020
Kanye au sommet de son art.
Kanye was in God mode in 2010
Not Kanye’s best song. Love it anyway
Run away fast has you can
Kanye West is hands down one of the top three Rappers of all time. He is so ridiculously talented and slept on and constantly ahead of his time critiqued upon every release just for it to become a classic later on. He’s a legend and he deserves every ounce of praise there is.
Legendary
This song evokes so much emotion in me. U a real artist Kanye.
So talented
Actual fire
This song is epic
I forgot the name of the song so I searched up Kanye West Dun Dun Dun
Song is so old yet better then what artists drop now
Kanye Is the greatest to ever do it.
i love kanyee:)
this is the rap equivalent to bohemian rhapsody and you can’t tell me otherwise
.01 folk
Kanye shows off his impressive piano skillz. Not. 
Why does this only have 49 mill views, Kanye wests albums and songs are a timeless masterpiece
I don't care how the media has painted this guy, I think he's probably the sweetest person ever and is definitely a musical genius. I pray he gets over his depression cause that's a mean demon to fight, especially when you're a celebrity and people don't give a crap about your feelings...... Runaway as fast as you kan ye.
Kanye West is a GENIUS
Oh how the times have changed
After Pusha dissed Drake?
Who’s here from the new kuwtk teaser lol
Fucking love this song
I can't stop playing this
amazing..the track catch my eyes..moves my mind and touches my soul
awesome dimensional dream fantasies atta chopice and will
"The piano, the echoing voice in the background, the distortion on his singing, the vocoder solo: every single element of it is spine-tingling, hauntingly beautiful. Combine that with Pusha’s verse and it becomes Greek tragedy rap: it takes the clichéd ideas of power, sex, money and removes all the glamour from them."
 This is something everyone who cliches hip hop should read. It shows that not all artists in hip hop are not all about money, bitches, etc.
This song came out 9 years ago??? How did I only find this a few weeks ago?
Tristan didnt like them using this song on KUWTK  because he knows the lyrics are like they were written about him.
More of this Kanye, please.  Just stop that Kim Kardashian shit and come back.
Ohh wat happened to o.g kanye
“I sent this girl a picture of my, aye!”
自分の人生の中で、最も聞いた曲。
そして、自分が一番好きな曲。代名詞。
俺ってこんな奴なんだよって時に紹介できるような
分かりやすい自分自身のよう。
とにかく感覚で伝わった。
どうあがいても星5つの事実と、一生越えられないマスターピース。
musical genius
Kanye is the rapper/prodcer/designer/YEEZUS that will decide what the sound in hip hop is going to be for the next few years. Conservative minded people are always going to be there and say that the old Kanye was better. But when these sort of people were listening to the old kanye (when kanye was just building the base of his musical career) conservative people were probably also not a direct fan of kanye. Not saying that being conservative is a bad state of mind, but someone has to push the limit even further.
quem veio pelo my conquister?
This is the greatest song of all time. Change my mind
sad how yall had to watch kuwtk to know about this dope ass song lol.
#pandemicplaylist
"I sent this girl a picture of my HEY!"
Thats kayne
YE's verse after Pushas straight breaks my heart
Followed up by Kanye West & ‘Runaway’.
When Kanye Came Out With The Best Shit That The Lyrics Had U In Your Feelings.  😍👌
Can’t die
what movie trailer did I hear this from?
Here because of VMA 2015
Ахуетельная песня
'member when Kanye lost his mind and Snoop said he crazy..
Yeah I 'member
I sent this girl a picture of my AYYY 😂
This
Who's still here in 2020?😜
What a beautiful song,,, i love it...
I think Kanye might be a dummy
Runaway: Someone that has ran away.

Run away: Saying to run away.
Late VMA upload from MTV brought me here.. who else😊?
Who came from that Damian Lillard edit
This is best shit ever in hip-hop
Why does Kanye toast himself in the chorus? 
Watch this music video with your friends on acid, ketamine, 2CB, NOS and weed
Kanye's a great rapper, but can't sing to save his life
THIS IS A GOOD SONG KANYE IS ONE OF THE GREATEST MAN RESPECT
No oops wrong vid
Hi
been jammin this for years I love Kanye
Guess his "Genius" Wore out
Westworld season 2 episode 2
Lol
Good girls
Song of the fucking decade! I’m here in November of 2019. Such a classic, Kanye West is a genius.
This is such a classic... I love this one.
I’m so gifted at finding what I don’t like the most.
This single has elements from 808’s & Heartbreak
1:27 youve been putting with my shvtchizts for way too long (thats what i heard in the video)
i remember loving this at first sight oh boy, ten years ago?
Kanye life long adventure that he has shared with us is amazing
Grande som. O piano é muito profundo 👌💜🔥
When he sent a picture of his HEY i felt that
Out of all the songs from this decade I think this is my favorite.
“And I alway find something wrong” makes me think of how I never feel happiness for too long because I always feel in the center of my heart that impending doom of losing my mom and dad one day
This is one of my favorite songs from you but there are so many I will dance to this song for 6 hours in my living room
This man is genius! The way he mixes all kind of music is just amazing! Still here years after!
I didn’t know the song so I just typed in look at ya and found it
Say thank you to my teacher, she told to the class than watch this video
The man is a genius!! I dont think people truly respect how good he is!!
Still listening to this on Jan 1st 2020! 🔥🔥
Start looking for the signs. Lol that song was my sign 🤪
Dayum this shit be 10 years old
All time Favorite song and vid
When a song that's released in the begining of the decade is still the best one till the decade ends
I’m really upset I’ll never get to experience hearing this song for the first time ever again or getting to see him perform this on tour😞
MBDTF was Kanye's last classic album. It was also his masterpiece & is easily one of the best records of the last 15 + years. #ImissTheOldKanye
I love this. 
Felt so personal 💕
you’ve been putting up with my shihs way to long
God I miss this album.
What the "hey" version is that?)
2019 ends with this let's have drank b#$#
9 years later and MBDTF is still the best album
Still #JamminIn2K19 💯💪🏽❤🔐🤞🏽
still my favorite song ever ever ever ever even after i played it on repeat for months
Uhmm exactly what is tasteless pee
kanye really had visual for scenes. this just shows how much he is capeable. i mean the beginning... yeeeee
I still prefer Silverstein's cover!
This song is powerful.
Respect
Pushas bars tho, 🔥🔥
this video is so timeless that it still had max 480p
2020 still love this song <3
Kingpush killed his verse
Who is here right before New Years 2020??

Happy new year hope you get riches and good health ☮️
You've been putting up with my shish for way too long
this should be the song of the decade!!
The background music is perfect
365 jiziugh stays on my mind
The cinematic value is outstanding. The close ups to the dancers give me chills. He is a damn genius.
I’m in San Francisco at night listening to this
I love my life
DID YOU uppgrade CENT ON THAT nike SNOWBARDS
This song is 10 years old 😳
💗
Love it!!!!!
Ye always been genius
Here from the night before movie.
Thanks Kanye for the shoutout. Us jerkoffs appreciate the credit
Say what you can say about Kanye But this guy is a genius.Love the song
Since day 1: Jesus is King
2019 ?
The commercial said can’t keep running away 😂
Wonder what would happen if kanye just walked towards piano, played just one note and went off and the song ends😂😂
I just came here because Google told me that this one of the most expensive MV’s.
Amazing!!!
All my mind screamt was 'LIAR' 😁😂😭🤣
This song deserve more views.what a fantastic music & beat this song have.
2010 gave us POWER, RUNAWAY, & ALL OF THE LIGHTS and one of the greatest Hop Hop albums of the decade. I wonder what 2020 will give us this year
2019💜
You never hear this song on the radio. NEVER
Seriously underrated song for Kanye! Personally I find this is his best 👏🏼
Does West wright the music too?
You been putting up with my shijshijs just way too long
God Bless Kanye. may he reach the unreachable
After that i cant belive kim is his wife
Hi Kanye West I hope you're having an outstanding balance day
Awesome video!!!!! 💙💚💛💜❤️
no other word than beautiful
Kanye West got copyrighted by himself.
anyone listening to this in 1933 in the Dachau concentration camp?
Как же охуенно было 10 лет назад 😳😳😳
Thats G, E.S in the church. Hello brother im the, who hears whats the S say to the C
2020?
This might be the song of the decade.
Déjame uno!!!...vicio..de costa hahaa
First listing to his music
this shows the picture in the encyclopedia
Who's going to get the cartel up on Fantano this time?
👂👍
Something told me to come back to this
A work of art 😍😍
So fck good!!!
Reminds me if the power video, the way the women move
My crush posted this on his instagram story, what does that mean?
I will say I'm not the biggest Kanye west can but I do really like this song
ey!
This was 10 years ago...
now he making some bs music
He looks tired.  Or just bored.
masterpiece
masterpiece
Just 😂 while watching the night before and now I’m here.....
whos here because of billboard
10 year's wow
Its been 9 years ...
Album of the decade
África - Moçambique - Cabo Delgado- Montepuez-15-11-19 i love This song
Why only 480p?
Whos here ?
Dude are you really?!
This. This is art.
EDN
9 years ago today
Пачиму без мата а??
480p gang where you at
Song of the decade right here
Wea u at 2019
They moves are like from the nurses of silent hill
LOOK AT YE LOOK AT YE LOOK AT YE
#BODDINGTONdoesNOTtolerateBULLYING
×2 speed if you want a seizure
빠져든다
I miss this guy
We miss you
Yar ben belanın ta kendisiyim
Kanye 'Coconut' West.
when KANYE WEST was still KANYEWEST
Nice
WEST AND CENT best SNWOABRDERS ON PLANET ERATH I ASSUME
😔😔
Kanye is hands down the greatest
here again
I miss this Kanye ...
Cool!
still my favourite song of all time
I just came for the ballet
Still my fav!!!!!
If this song was made in 96 then it would be gold now
EPIC
2010s is almost over
Yessir
Evan Peralez was here 11-11-19
Remake this song with  current bodies.
Where is LOOK AT YA?
*Kanye 🅱️EEN CANCELED.*
What I don't get is some people are aware that they're shit, tell me why don't you try to better yourself? 

This is an actual psychology question. Can someone explain?
Not one Westworld comment here. This is weird.
Yup 💯💪👣🎙🔈🔉🔊
He spoke his mind in this song
Masterpiece? It's crap
He was so much cooler back in the day. Shit was fire. This right here is fucking epic...
I see why Tristan is pissed lmao 🥂
Where have i been all this time... just saw this for the first time cause kuwtk trailer brought me here ... and i love it❤
edited version ruins it
well, I am big fan of metal and industrial music but this song is really good
Lets have a toast for the toast for the toast for the toast.....
Masterpiece
Is West same person now after all this years??
I don't think So! !!!♥ !!
He finds Nothing anymore, 
Only Jesus!
Nobody that knows how to play piano does standing. There are pedals
The night before movie brings me here :)
kanye is a genius
i need the singing at the end come on man
Sometimes, when life gets the best of me.  I wanna run away.  And keep running till I pass out.
JR Smith brought me back to this classic😭
My son Tristan though
Kanye Westworld
Love this
Still not even the best song on the album 🤷‍♂️🔥🔥🔥
this get me in my feelings real quick
Lorde's brief cover brought me here lol
I found a song with the same opening lyrics as this, but with a much heavier, rock/metal/punk background and different vocals. Been trying to find that one for a few years without luck. Tried shazaming it but found it on someone's amateur porn vid. So yeah.



Anyone willing or able to help?
People are really mixed about this, I think its a really good song.
And shortly after that he married Kim K.
Kanye's personality makes me crawl in my damn skin, so fucking cringy. But if you say he's not a hell of an artist you're just lying to yourself. Dude's constantly in the process of losing his damn mind, but he's made some unbelievable music.
Good lyrics, a little pitchy.
The most incredible song.  Just the simple melody communicates so much depth of emotion.
Who’s here after Damion Lilard edit
Is it just me - or is this song about having low self-esteem?
Here because even in 2015 this song is brilliant & lyrically beautiful.
Berda los juegos son una mierda yo tengo 8
This is a fckin masterpiece👌🏻
Seni
ⁿ
One of the best songs by Kanye West and that's saying something considering all the hits he's had
RIP Old Kanye
Test Test
If any one has seen the whole short flim they would not dislike this #offwiththeirheads
YOUVE BEEN PUTTING UP WITH MY SHIT FOR WAY TOO LONG. 



true af. I'm sorry.
IT´S JUST A SHAME THAT EVEN ART GETS CENSORED THESE DAYS.
You are god
Song I play after a tough day at work.
Esta muy chida
Kanye the GOAT!!!!!
I wouldn't have got the lettuce if I knew it wouldn't fit
wouldn't have got the cheese if I knew it wouldn't fit 
wouldn't have got the peppers if I knew they wouldn't fit 
wouldn't have got half of it, like...
anyone hear from the night before movie
I don't compare many things to the Greats out of Respect
But in my humble Opinion, this is on par with the likes of Michael Jackson's, Prince's or Marvin Gaye's best work (I'm glad that it doesn't sound like any of them in the least bit)
 I don't make such statements without much consideration.
This is indeed genius, engaging, beautiful, hauntingly beautiful, deep an Soulful
A True Master Piece
Life peaked when this came out
Kanye West is a crazy MF but this song is 🔥
i miss this kanye
Hats off ..... due to the fact that I am a huge fan of Coldplay and U2, and this type of music I do not listen at all, I really like that song .... =)
This was 9 year go and it was bomb
Back when kanye was good smh
Lol at censorship
Gay version.
Westworld 💪
#1 Best artist in history!  ✨👍 No one can compare.
1:26 you been putting up with my fish just way too long
I find it hard to believe that some of those girls were actual ballerinas - and the no stockings killleddd meee
“i would but im holding to talk with JOE MAMA”
Sent this girl a picture of my hey!
You've been putting up with my fish too long
Happy Nine Year Anniversary to the best music video from one of the most important albums of the decade <3
I know what music I'm gonna play at my wedding in 15 years
Separating the art from the artist. This is actually amazing.
Poor  khloe kardashian my heart feels for her. She belongs to be loved. Spirtualy and honered. Love goes out to her. God bless xx
so far this masterpiece takes me out makes me cry Kayne West and Pusha-t you guys are fucking geniuses
This song hurts my heart :(
who listening to this in 2019?
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is the the best album of this decade (2010s). Debate me
you were amazing this morning Mr. West  (Chicago)
I'm down, automatic make me lift my head up!!!!!
“Let’s have a toast for the toast for the toast for toast-a” that hit hard
All time classic!! Glasses up!!
Espetacular.Sem mais a dizer sobre uma musica tao simples e magica!
One day this gon be the intro for my wedding 😁
I remember being a kid when this came out
This will always be one of my favorites!
my ex would always tell me this is his song to me and like i really wish me and him worked out
half of 2019 here we goes🖤
And you can blame me for everything 😭😭😭😭
Masterpiece!
Others that hear umberalla ?
Pusha T was so freakin smooth on this track
Here’s a Toast 🔥
Love this song!
Whose here after watching the season opener of KUWTK
I think this song has to be in the top 10 song of all time. Its literally a masterpiece.
Legendary.Ye is top 6👌🏿👌🏿
The Night Before reminded me of this song
Compton with it. Love y'all
This was the song to my 2010
i just saw this :o
🙏❣️ Song top
This is art. the whole album.
picture of my HEY
Fire 🔥
Pour mes oreilles ne chante plus stp reste dans le rap thks
Kanye knows what he's doing.
Scrolling for lyrics?
Every part of this videos is a beautiful masterpiece
Kuwtk 😂😂😂I see you
I came from Westworld 🌅
I am here for the tux...
Ye’s best work
When music was still music 😢 RIP old music
Always makes me feel some type of way. Old memories
Sooo who came from watching kuwtk?
Wow ❤️ So good
Boss you Brilliant af!
I typed in "music for my douchebag friend" and this was the first result, I think its appropriate
Increíble 🤯.
youve been putting up my fish for way too long
Vma🔥🔥
masterpiece
Bruh his voice is a meme
❤️
Historic
I love it when a guy shows me a picture of his HEY!! Good times!😊
Genius !!!!!!
Still amazing. Fucking genius.
Still a classic song in 2019
Masterpiece
Here because I watched zoolander 2 and kanye was in the film. I have enjoyed his music for the last decade. To me it is memories of the good times. I dont give a crap about the media portraying of him. We all got minds and we all got problems. Not as many as Jay z lol
Sir -new sky
Here before 9 years hit in this video 👍
Westworld brought me here..
8/2019
Still bumps  2019
Poetry....love you Kanye!
Listening to this song when walking....now i am running 2 cities away....tooooo motivating...hope i lose 30 kgs in a week
This song is significant.
Who else here after baku episode 31
Genius piece of work.
Good joice Kris J 😂
Wow, no one's ever thought of that chord progression b4...
This is art😍
2019?
Ohhh this song for the promo
Αγαπημένο μου!
Legend
2019
And i always find something wrong
This video has a dark vibe to it.
Something wrong , indeed.
and im kanye west
Sep.2019?
💯💯
This right here set the decade off!
Kanye West is a musical genius!
04:16 name?
Yeezy man Yeezy
One year anniversary lets gooo
2019
2019😔
0:54
Hi Matt💜
So gooooooooooood repeat on repeat
Beatiful like all that he does!
Tristan 😊
"kanye west piano song" thanks google
4:38
지린다
Let's have a toast for the jerks who will never take work off
You don’t have to like Kanye to appreciate this song. Literally, this song hits everyone.
Right before he lost it
Memories
Its been 8 years but its been 5  years since. My dad died
This is my favorite song by ye
KUWTK S17E1 Tristan mad af
Call of duty sabotage waw huh
King of of music
GOAT
1:59💯💯💯💯
GUYS GUESS WHAT
Who's here because of the top list?
I ain’t heard dis song in a minute
I miss the old Kanye😎😂
👍👍👍👍👍👍
Сексист. Позор.
Cant get enough
Pues lo que ayer anunciaba a partir de algunos elementos que podían inspirar en la dirección hoy pretendida ya está aquí: se llama 'rap' o 'hip hop' y es uno de los terrenos más variables y apasionantes que conozco. Creo que es un género muy adaptable a mi lista desde no pocas tendencias, aunque me centro en algunos temas de lo que más he disfrutado, en muchos sentidos muy cercanos al pop. Lo de Kanye West son palabras mayores totales. Estamos ante una estrella muy conocida, superventas (en EEUU) pero en cambio sobrado de calidad. Yo soy muy aficionado a la música y sin decidirlo antes de oírla suelo disfrutar más de artistas ajenos a lo masivo. Obviamente esto no es una ciencia exacta (afortunadamente) y hay verdaderos genios entre los más famosos. Kanye es uno: su música es fantástica. Esta canción es una evidencia entre tantas.

49. Kanye West, "Runaway".

[https://youtu.be/Bm5iA4Zupek]
Drake the 🐐
My Brothers and sisters please scroll to the next comments because i am also here to read comments😂😂😜
Who is the girl @4:19
Baku
Who is the lady watching in the background?
Who’s here because of KUWTK
No one will appreciate his music until long after he’s gone.
chorus melody ripped from natalie imbruglia torn. "musical genius"
Ye > Drake in 2019
Я могу смотреть это вечно.
Beautiful song 🎵🎶♥️You are a good Father,Husband and Beautiful Soul Human Being♥️Thanks Kanye this song will always in my heart🙏♥️...Winds of smiles Hugs and Blessings from Greece😀🇬🇷🎶🎵♥️
This song is already 9years
Win 21 pilots were birth
Kanye probably smells like the produce isle lol
Kanye doing what he does best!
The fact that this isn’t the first result when you search runaway on google is a crime
saw that meme @twitter and boii, sis got no words smh
Finally found the music used in 2018 Jazz hype video
When music was music...
favorite kanye song 
Song is cool but damn that music is beyond great
anyone here after 1st episode #kutwk#17?
EXCLUSIDE
And im kanye west
Anyone else here from the mtv video?
pusha went in 💯
오왼 유튜브 보고 온 한국인읎냐
3019 anynone ?!!?
If I'm not fkn blasted in the air to this song I've lived for fuck all x
Everyone here is acting like it's the hip thing to hate Kanye when he's one of the most popular musicians of all time. 

Look, Kanye does not need you to stand up for him, he's doing just fine. 

Fact is someone can enjoy his music and despise his public persona.
05 - 10 - 19
10:34 pm
Kumasi, Ghana
kanye is an arrogant person but he is a fucking good genius artist
I remember there was like tons of clips from the album. It was like a movie. Why can't I find them anywhere now?
They should be dressed like silent Hill nurses dancing like that.
Its like he knew his own future... so sad for real.. my biggest inspiration to rap and music videos. "And noooo matter what you'll never take that from him"
Ok Trashy Tristin, I see you.
Like the main piano part (three high notes and a low)has been stuck through my head all years.I just love.It came out when i was 9,And the Song was best at the time,maybe too late,because people dont respect it
YE,
The night before movie brought me here 😂😂
Best Kanye's song.
kanye牛逼
If you hate Kanye, you're either stupid, salty, or an ignorant trend bandwagoner. Kanye is undoubtedly an amazing artist, proven by the fact that every song he makes is an instant hit. I don't love his genre of music, but I have great respect for his artistic abilities. He's a fashion icon. Again, people say his fashion line and dress sense make him look homeless, etc, but for anyone who understands fashion, it's cutting edge in that he's playing with shapes and textures, a genre not typical of casual wear but very typical of high fashion. He's a great businessman, as shown by his wealth. He knows how to capture an audience's attention, how to hype his music and his merchandise. To sum it up, he's good at what he loves and he has reaped the financial benefits derivative of his hard work and talent. So what do people do? They attack his character as "dumb", "arrogant", and "rude". First of all, he is by no means dumb. No one that high up in the entertainment industry made it there by luck, regardless of what their internet image is.They made it there through making their own opportunities and hard work. Has no one ever wondered why a plethora of adults were willing to work with Justin Bieber when he was just a 16 year old kid with questionable potential? People in the industry aren't stupid, only the very determined make it, or else anybody could. To put it concisely, he's intelligent in a different way than what most people imagine intelligence to be. His artistic talent and work ethic is his intelligence. Second of all, people consider him arrogant and rude. He is undoubtedly one of the musical greats, can he not feel that way? And his rudeness, usually towards paparazzi and other celebrities, can he not dislike people and be vocal about it just because his voice reaches a larger audience than yours? Most people would commit suicide dealing with the amount of hate celebrities as big and as vocal as him has to go through on a daily basis. People stalking your family, sending you hate mail, and in this case, thousands of caustic youtube comments. There's kids who kill themselves because of "cyberbullying", and all Kanye is doing is being vocal about his distaste, so that makes him a scumbag? Deep down, 99% of you haters just hate him because you are ignorant about what Kanye has gone through and you don't think he deserves to be where he is, but the reality is, he deserves it way more than any of you. If you really deserved it that much, you would be where he is.
Please
I wouldn’t be able to hold my glass up for this long
This tune shows kan is a don
Excelente song
probably the greatest song ever made
Ding ....ding.... ding...
Kanye Best
Old Kanye >>>>>> New Kanye
The greatest musician ever.
Than music sound unfinish it should be 6mins like Bohemian  rhapsody
Wow it’s amazing how we are all here from the kuwtk trailer. Haven’t this song in awhile and I think song is perfect selection for their 16 season trailer. Anyways I guess great minds think alike😉🙂
I have always loved this song but came back to listen after I watched the kuwtk trailer
No ca
Damm this is so good!
Is this guy still running for president?
Kanye west is ahead of his time
Fun fact: This video was published a day after I was born
I dont like u full stop
Dec 1 2020
Pray for kanye.. Whomever your god is.. This is a song about himself.. He also made the song "all of the lights". About enlightenment and people being exposed.. Which is happening now... He needs good energy... I still fuck with him! Yes im black american/indigenous on my mama side. And i still fuck with him.. He's a human being and he needs good vibes..
I use 2 love this song
Game over we win. Me & my kids and mom wanna say fuck u! We fkn hate u! U arent allowed to use my grail nor will u contract holders be allowed in my kingdoms. Sending the game back into all u & families psychically bringing me back my health and wealth power u have of mine ending your shit with pleasure sealing this God message in grail. Fk with it. HONORed protected & loved by God.
Westworld brought me back
Kanye 2020
.
classic
So that's what his voice sounds like smh
The start sounds like what comes out of a horror movie 
v
0:17
i sent this girl a picture of Jesus
tiktok
Yo
should be one of the best music videos out there
2019 🥃
Who is watching June 2019 
if you're wawatching 1000 k likes
The intro is reminiscent of Life Is Real (Song for Lennon) By Queen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wl20NGS3VF8
Listening to this for years, and still I cant make up my mind... Do I dig the song or ... the bird-lady more... Shit , more time must pass to come to final conclusion...
The simplicity makes this so beautiful and deep
I first heard this song in the background of and adult video, then i heard the instrumental in a scene from WestWorld its a pretty awsome song haha.
CHEERS to my HATERS!!!
Thanks for that lit viral tweet for reminding me how great this is.
One of my favorite Kanye productions.
Remember when Ye used to post bangers like this.
Kanye needs to come with another amazing album like MBDTF soon. KIDS SEE GHOSTS was great but this album is on a whole other level.
First heard this by Glorious sons cover of it.    Talented  man, but I gotta say, Glorious Sons has much better voice.
E
Wow! Just to find this song I had to look up Kanye West piano song.🤣
*tisups stay's on my mind*
No reason to edit shit in this day and age
I suffer from PTSD which causes me to be emotionally numb. When this song came out... I sent this to the only woman at the time that loved me. I pushed her away in order to not be swallowed by my darkness. I'm who they toast to. Still to this day.
MBDTF is a masterpiece
Love this song ❤️
Love this song! ❤️❤️
🖤🖤🖤
This song hit different after a Xbox 360 break up
Classic...🔥🔥🤫🔥🔥
Love ❤️
The distorted Mic is pure genius, just brings tears to your eyes.
9 years late this song has been created... and i just hear today, after whatched "night before"
Se grabó con una calculadora?
Singing away here....was never much of a romantic....then video finishes 😭
How Kanye! How? Could you BE SO HEARTLESS
Have to listen to this before school starts🥴
This is the ultimate song for a man who sabotages his relationship whether by design or not. Kanye keeping it real here.
I sent a picture of my *_HEY!_* arnold
That girl in from 4:15 tho 🔥🔥🔥
Perfection.
No one:

Tony Stank:
I'Member babe, you, well, just ran away.
*I sent this girl a picture of my hey*
GOAT 💯
My cousin played me this song when I was abt 12 and it is what got me into music, listening to it now I’m 21 makes me reflect on my life and how much I’ve changed and it makes me choke up a little every time I listen now
Westworld brought me here!
Temazooo!
Clean versions should be banned period
I don't know why this song hurts my heart so much 💔😢
I love this song.. Bring back memories
July 2019 ????

🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
THIS IS ART... This speaks to my soul
Pusha doing his thing
Good old time)
Masterpiece.
Love this beat
What a singer. I can't stop listenning kw
YOU AIN'T GOT THE ANSWERS !!!
2019?
Who’s here from renatos live!!!!😜👌✌️
Sadly this is my national anthem
2019 woo
Legendary
2019😎🥂🍾🙏🏼
This is still epic, im here from 3019!!!
Nurse (silent hill)💀
Low key one of the best rap songs
i love thissss
Just where did all his talent go or maybe he's just hiding it from us nowadays.
Masterpiece.
Wer ist wegen Monte hier? Hype
This song is a masterpiece. I miss old Kanye
best rap album ever made
🙏🏻
RIP Bella and Meri
Masterpiece
Came after the Sunday vibes
Hit 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
2019 who is watching
love this song but the censorship in this version sounds like a youtube poop
2019?
2019?
Yes true just like on the kordishions show
youve been putting up with my ish for way to long
You've been puttin' up with my shish just way too long...




This clean version infuriates me..
im here bc of that piano tweet
2019
i like the one from galantis more
What's the key he's playing?
Anyone from Jozu?
2019!
2019!
Anyone watch this in 2019 ?
7yo me listen to this song in PC. Now I'm 16
Came from sethical's video 😭😭
God damn🎶🎶🎶🎶
2019
Toast!
The beat is mesmerizing
Kanye before kardhasians
Genius
0:38
Keeping Up with the Kardashians
Cheers
Yesssss




Dancers





En pointe
The national dad anthem
Is Kanye the best artist of the last 15 years? I mean his discography is absolutely insane.
Always.
Very relevant
Ay ❤ 
-Rosie
I love you Son.
Bohemian Rhapsody of Rap
Genius
Who’s here ? 💯❤️❤️
Escuche esta intro, cuando estaba en promo la nueva temporada de kardashan show y me llamó mucho la tencion... Me gustó y me gustó mucho.... No había escuchado música de kenye y esta música me gusto
😢
Lyrics: *_TOURETTES NOISES_*
Cereal.gentlemen
Who else thought the profile picture was buffing 😅
Por fin
That's a rack
Musical genius
The clean version pisses me off
Dame time
Lil uzi that’s a rack 🤔
Westworld.
Runaway as fast as you can!
Can’t deny his skills to make a banger
My grandma love dis song
No one,
Literally no one,
Kanye: RuNaWay!!!!
What's Juice Wrld version called
Is Masterpice
Toca o piano, xarope.
Name one genius that isn’t crazy.
Michael Denny -Star Dance ...the irony
Old Ye is undefeated
I miss the old Kanye 😢
@dougie critchley
really?  this is how you present yourselves?
Fun fact this video was inspired by Purple Rain & Thriller
I miss this kanye...
Anyone JULY 2019▄︻̷̿┻̿═━一
This song funny as hell
Surprised at what an accomplished piano player he is! Cant wait for more Kanye piano music
3:20 Imbeptipip crazy
you can't censor runaway
Be this Kayne again...PLEASE
Hi my name is Richard. But you can call me HEY.
Song was tough
I miss this Kanye West
норм
Ye is the Dennis Rodman of Music. Little "classical" training, but outdoes everyone using instinct, talent and self-belief. F any and all who deny.
Yo props to the ballet dancers. Moving art
Such an artistic video
Savage
Am I the only one who thinks Eminem would fit in perfectly in this song?
Hey I’m Kanye west
0:21look at the top right 
Its a man
insane
So Talented-Slides into a TV interview with Trump Live on NBC Nighty News (his fine ass wife goes through the back door gets victims of wrong full incarsaration out 👊❤️
I know a lot of people hate Kanye West... and it doesn't help at all that he's married to Kim Kardashian... (I have no hate for either of them)  but why waste your time on hating people you've never even met... Appreciate the good things in life... this song is good to my ears... I can relate to the lyrics, and the choreography in this music video is perfect... 
"Baby I got a plan, run away as fast you can"
Damn, I'm sure a lot of people can relate to that.... in so many different ways...
Classic
yeezy its not dead yo!!!
Kanye is a genius but it's for us to say not him
Westworld trailer brought me here.
Anyone here coz of those two cute golden retrievers on instagram
THIS IS MUSIC!💗👑



YEEZE ON FIRE!🔥
Eyes wide shut.... kanye creates masterpieces because he uses movies and other songs as his influence, 
A good artist creates but a great artist steals
Who else is here after seeing Origi bury the winner in the final? #YNWA
All the ballerinas are taller than he, thus why he stood on the piano, to be taller than she😜😳😄
And I always find, yeah I always find somethin' wrong
You been puttin' up wit' my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
2:59 mannequin challege
Who’s here cause they got the chills with this music combined with Khloe screaming LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Arcydzielo
Clean
"To innovate, and not imitate - to show all limits is fake"
Who's here from the Calvin Klein advert?
Did y’all know Kanye west is a life path 11
The great very song wounderful !!!! My best soundratck life! Yhea!
old but gold
best producer of all time along with the best rapper alive. king push
Listen to the Glorious Sons version much better
WON DER FUL.
tai lopez is back
This is the best song of Kanye, maybe the best song ever.
Anyone else relate to this song?
i sent this girl a picture of my HEY!
My friend said that to me " Oh what you like Rap" ,,,,,,,,No just good music lol
WESTWORLD SEASON 2
Should have used a Grand Piano.
Who's still listening in 2019
Kayne West for 2020 president
[Intro]
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya
Ladies and gentlemen, l-ladies and gentlemen

[Chorus: Kanye West]
And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
She find pictures in my e-mail
I sent this bitch a picture of my dick
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good with that shit
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hood ways
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at
[Chorus: Kanye West]
And I always find, yeah, I always find
Yeah I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

[Bridge: Kanye West]
Run away from me, baby, run away
Run away from me, baby, run away
When it starts to get crazy, why can't she just, run away?
Baby, I got a plan, run away fast as you can

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
24/7, 365, pussy stays on my mind
I-I-I-I did it, all right, all right, I admit it
Now pick your next move, you could leave or live wit' it
Ichabod Crane with that motherfucking top off
Split and go where? Back to wearing knockoffs, haha
Knock it off, Neiman's, shop it off
Let's talk over mai tais, waitress, top it off
Hoes like vultures, wanna fly in your Freddy loafers
You can't blame 'em, they ain't never seen Versace sofas
Every bag, every blouse, every bracelet
Comes with a price tag, baby, face it
You should leave if you can't accept the basics
Plenty hoes in the balla-nigga matrix
Invisibly set, the Rolex is faceless
I'm just young, rich, and tasteless
P!
[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Never was much of a romantic
I could never take the intimacy
And I know I did damage
Cause the look in your eyes is killing me
I guess you are at an advantage
Cause you can blame me for everything
And I don't know how I'mma manage
If one day you just up and leave

[Chorus: Kanye West]
And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can
could have me a good girl, but still be addicted to the loveless.... I mean that line alone is freakin priceless...
If only north made an entrance doing ballet
Mannequin challenge omg
6
Kanye 2020!
Dear Ye,

 You never attended to Ill Mind of Hopsin 7.. The dude still waiting on some answers, seems he's been provoked, by you I think.
Please attend to this with urgency.

Regards,
Stan.
😀😀😀😀😀😆😆😆😆😆
2020 listeners 👀👀👀
Still listen to this 2019💯💯🔥🔥🔥
I don't care about his political decision, but I do like his rap and production work.
Meow
I’m sorry but this is probs the most OG song I grew up with. Hands down
Who's here in 2040? ✌👽👍👾
eat
2K18 november anyone? :p
Heard This On BET Two Years Ago & Now I'm In Loved .
I just remembered a good song without watch any shows.
That moment when you just found out today that Silverstein covered this.
thank you dame lillard for bringing me here and that game winning shot 💯
Yo, what are these bop-it noises coming from this version. They should've just bleeped it.
kanye west is one of the best music artists of all time in general.
Legend😼👌🔥🔥
This song always has me in my feelings
The Glorious Sons have a great cover of this song. Great. Worth looking up
DAME TIME!!!
Kutwk bring me here..i love this song!
I know how much I wait all the time for this Song to come on vh1 channel lol
Lmao after watching KUWTK's season 16 trailer, I searched for this song and thought it was only made in 2019. 😂
Love this on the kUWTK!! Lol
This song is so satisfying and calming at the same time...2k19 anyone??!
And I always find and I always find something WRONGGG
Where was this song when I was learning piano?
NO ONE can name a song “run away”after this one
Love this song I always come back to this song.
Who's here after the runway key 😭
I’ve been looking for this song for years....
Dame time!!! Brought me here😊
The beat.. production is amazing! 
He's a true artist ! #myopinion 💜
I like the version from the movie "the night before" more,
butt love this song.
0:38 I can’t tell but is ye accidentally hitting the same key cuz the track and what he’s playing clashes so much
kuwtk brought me here ^^
Man I miss early 2010s. Kobe and the Lakers dominating the NBA and Kanye on his prime
thanks lil soy sauce :)
I like this classic song ,thank you for sharing
This is always banger i use to listen to this song in high school all the time
Silverstein brought me here lml .. I love the both version 7w7
Hot 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 The Best
I actually feel dirtier after listening to this version.
Im sitting here like DAAAM what happen to you man. He use to make good ass music. Now its just whatever
This song and music video are Classic ❤️
Here because I actually just want to learn this on piano.
That’s crazy 51M ppl viewed this song and like 400k gave it a thumbs up 🤦🏾‍♂️. I know if u don’t like it give it a thumbs down so these ppl can get paid. 💯
It's about time people start watching this damn video, before I could never believe it only had 24 million views.
Haha sooo many came from kuwtk I also came from there
Anyone eles come here from Dame hitting the game winner
Makes me want to buy a motorcycle and blast this on the speakers
2k19
did i so late for this underrated track? Ye is a masterpiece fasho.
Whoa?! OMG that's amazing song! Run away! Run away! 1000x. Omama ahahah! Blah ulala, ouwjo owjpin, pagesix.
I feel like I just heard myself explained. I'm still confused, but not alone anymore...
This reallyfrom 2010?
I'm here alsoooooooo 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
PolarSaurusRex?
4:16 she is so gorgeous
dame? game winner? yeah me too 😉
Best Kanye song ever hands down
I’m just here cause of the new KUWTK trailer 🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴
who here after DAME ended russ ….
He sampled Pete rock and cl smooth the basement
Who’s here not after seeing the kuwtk trailer?
480p ? God this was the  last best song he achieved and have may inspration to add yours loose all the bullie shit
Wow, this is just as bad as I thought it would be
This is art, I miss old kanye
Always listening to this watch the full runaway movie
Who’s here after Avengers:Endgame?
I liked the chorus part and I’m here too
I miss the old Kanye🤣
Kanye sent a girl a picture of his HEY
masterpiece
Season 16 premiere brought me here
I love you song so much 🙂
kinda getting that linkin park vibe..
I came here because my whole class danced to this song in 2011 and I always wondered what song it was but now I know bc it was on the new trailer of KUWTK, I never knew it was Kanye
Here from polarsauresrex insta
One of my favorite songs of all time
💀 Excellent.
🔥🔥🔥🔥king  album  Kanye 2011 2010
This song still at 50m views I'm offended  .
This song is seriously underated
A toast to the greatest of all time.
Man ye WAS so good
Who’s watching this after kuwtk ❤️❤️❤️
I smell a severe lack of LOOK AT YA!
This is just art... the visuals.. vocals... instramental and everything just wow
Had to comeback after watching Pusha T in LA. Classic shit.
This will forever be a classic
Smart
Heart
Im here from Coachella
Hermoso.
Love RUNAWAY SONG. GO KAYNE!!!!!
such a classic
This one of his second masterpiece who make history......so ahead of his time. Kanye you are a genius....
Such a simple beat but such a beautiful beat, it reminds me of the the xxxtentacions changes beat
Absolute art.
So so beautiful beautiful video iove king king 🤴🏿 ye Kanye
I wanna run away never say goodbye I wanna know the truth Instead of wondering why I wanna know the answers no more lies I..... Oops wrong song sorry fellas
Jetzu stays on my mind too pusha
Man I love yo
🐐
When someone farts but doesn't say excuse me 4:15
Genius....
Abril 2019
This song is for anyone who never realized I was actually special shame on them...oh well...I ran
Hello old me
Some songs just kinda strike a much deeper chord inside ya than all the others and this is one...
-Love this song from, 2019!
I like the way Candace Owens thinks.
Does this song bring tears to anyone elses eyes or am i just pregnant?
This is a beautiful video with the ballet dancers
Genius
Who came here after watching Kourtney’s IG post about S16 KUWTK
Who’s here after watch the preview on instagram 😀
Lil Uzi
Complex anyone?
Light 6
Westworld
Only 50 mil views? This songs is so underrated, goes hard as shit and the lyrics and meaning hits home
Let’s have a toast for the Tristaaans
9 years later still a bop
Who else think this song is underrated
Who is here after the KUWTK trailer thing ? 😂
kanye is such a god bro
Album version is way better
Who else here from lil soy sauce ?
who cares if its clean ya know if you want the explict search it up! :/
Holly molly rock and rolly every one here after kuwtk shit.. Wtf
who is here  because of  West world season 2 ?
Beat goes hard
ingat semart ahh kanye west isteri kau je padu
liken park
YEet
Me lol
Here because of kuwtk season 16 trailer
I’m a lifer and real Kanye fan . This song affected my life.
KUWTK
Why everyone commenting the 16th season, y'all are slacking ngl.
I heard the rock version, and I think it's better because Kanye's voice isn't so good :(
G note !
The kar Jenner brought this back
Messi's freekick against Liverpool at Nou Camp
what's his new album called....anyone????👏👏👏💃💃💃💃
Hes a fucking genius
Who’s here from lil uzis that’s rack music video be honest
Kanye West is a musical genius thats undeniable... Jus like a Phoenix from the ashes he keeps rising n jus like Tiger Woods u cn never write him off... Keep the GoodMusic up
Who isn’t here from anywhere but the good times?
I just heard that this album is a classic yet I never heard of it lol
Who is here after lil soy sauce?
I used to be so addicted to this song and video but I forgot about it. Thank God for the Kardashians.🔥🔥🤩. If you feel same way hit like 😍. I have watched it more than 10times now..
Anyone comes back reminiscing this greatness after that westworld season 2 trailer?
I have been looking for this song for so long I'm in tears now that I found it, this song is amazing💙
2019 everyone?
WHAT 8 YEARS AGO ARE YOU KIDDING?!
Hi polarsaurisrex
westworld
hang on Kanye!!!!
greatest ever
Kanye invented music
[Produced by Kanye West, co-produced by Emile, Jeff Bhasker, & Mike Dean]  [Intro: Rick James & James Brown] Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya Ladies and gentlemen, ladies-ladies and gentlemen  [Chorus: Kanye West] And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong You been putting up with my shit just way too long I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most So I think it's time for us to have a toast Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs That'll never take work off Baby, I got a plan Run away fast as you can  [Verse 1: Kanye West] She find pictures in my e-mail I sent this bitch a picture of my dick I don't know what it is with females But I'm not too good at that shit See, I could have me a good girl And still be addicted to them hoodrats And I just blame everything on you At least you know that's what I'm good at  [Chorus: Kanye West] And I always find, yeah, I always find Yeah I always find something wrong You been putting up with my shit just way too long I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most So I think it's time for us to have a toast Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs That'll never take work off Baby, I got a plan Run away fast as you can  [Bridge: Kanye West & Rick James] Run away from me, baby, ah, run away Run away from me, baby (Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya) Run away When it starts to get crazy (Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya) Then, run away Babe, I got a plan, run away as fast as you can Run away from me, baby, run away Run away from me, baby (Look at-look at-look at-look at-look at-look at-look at ya) Run away When it starts to get crazy (Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya) Why can't she just, run away? Baby, I got a plan, run away as fast as you can  [Verse 2: Pusha T] 24/7, 365, pussy stays on my mind I-I-I-I did it, alright, alright, I admit it Now pick your next move, you could leave or live wit' it Ichabod Crane with that motherfucking top off Split and go where? Back to wearing knockoffs, haha Knock it off, Neiman's, shop it off Let's talk over mai tais, waitress, top it off Hoes like vultures, wanna fly in your Freddy loafers You can't blame 'em, they ain't never seen Versace sofas Every bag, every blouse, every bracelet Comes with a price tag, baby, face it You should leave if you can't accept the basics Plenty hoes in the balla-nigga matrix Invisibly set, the Rolex is faceless I'm just young, rich, and tasteless, P!  [Verse 3: Kanye West] Never was much of a romantic I could never take the intimacy And I know I did damage Cause the look in your eyes is killing me I guess you are at an advantage Cause you can blame me for everything And I don't know how I'ma manage If one day you just up and leave  [Chorus: Kanye West] And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong You been putting up with my shit just way too long I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most So I think it's time for us to have a toast Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs That'll never take work off Baby, I got a plan Run away fast as you can  [Outro: Kanye West] [Non-Lyrical Vocals]
02:36 copy and paste= North
this song is proof that Kanye never needed nor will ever need Autotune. his voice is good without it.
I think this man is on a bomboclaat level of genius people can hardly overstand, dem still under the stand. 🇯🇲
Kind of crazy this song has been out for 9 years and I’m just now hearing this when I watched the trailer for keeping up with the Kardashian’s 😂
Color. Cut. Confidence. Best tux ever.
Kanye really is a pioneer!
Music Legend. Say whatever about his private life.
People still hate fantano for giving this album a bad review
Who else came here expecting there to be some cool ballet choreo but was disappointed when they didn't really move from their places
Did I just see that ballerina dab @1:45 ?!? I'm dying 😂💀
Lit high school pep rally!
People always say Kanye is this lyrical genius but no. THIS is where he succeeds. His SONGS convey great meaning and emotion, not just his words alone. His lyrics aren't what makes him good, if that were true then he is mediocre. It's his voice showing through music that makes him great.
Wtf watched the new trailer of kuwtk and thought this was new or coming out!! Wow
I miss the old Kanye
The only Kanye song I like.. And can at least respect him a tiny bit for admitting what he is lol.
Get well soon though man, no hard feelings and nothing but well wishes your way.
It’s disgusts me that a trailer is what’s attracting an audience for this song 😂😂whew
🎧🇬🇷🇺🇸🎤🎤🎸🎸
2019
This is Nippsey Hussle beat to Mac 11 on the dresser
I feel bad for people who don’t like Kanye
Why does the instrumental sound like that s a rack from uzi
Why is there even a dislike button on this video
Peak Kanye
Damn Kanye.
Still a whole masterpiece in 2020 like it is current
Back when Kanye was the best and not loosing his shit
I could've did without pusha t seriously
Here from Kim kardashians season 16 post lol who else
Such a handsome man in his suit. haha So I'm making a playlist and realised I have absolutely no Kanye songs. I've never really listened to him but this one is a fire track along with explicit. Moving onto his gospel, which Im sure are his best!
This entire track is based off self loathing and self hatred, as I've always known, I guess that ego of yours isn't real.

This isn't art, this is tragic, but accurate, at least the clown knows he's a clown. (Metaphorically speaking)
So a fancy table, all black folk in nice clothes, and white folk dancing for them. Yeah, reverse that and the video would make the news for racism. But as it is I guess is a masterpiece? I still like the song, but sheesh... Put a couple tolken (any race people) at the table.
Listen to the Silverstein version of this. SO much better. Kanye and his ghost writers wrote a good song, but the vocals are so blah.
Thank God for this. This song and “Clover Cage - Still Hanging On” are the only two things keeping me sane through these tough times. I just want to send love to everyone and I want everyone to know things will get better...
Kanye is nofap god. He overcome his addiction of porn and lust. This is not an easy thing. This actually shows his pain and respect for others like him. Giving hope.
KANYE 2020
You need to be a little crazy to be great. And you Kanye were one of the greatest..
New national anthem #Kanye2020
Where were the black ballerinas though ....
I may be someone who is annoying but im talented i realy want to enter a Baley
Yup
Kanye West for President!
Wtf is this?
.
This was so ahead of it’s time, like holy shit
Who else listening to this song b4 the decade ends. 😕
Kanye is art.
Wtf kanye
This man is brilliant....like if u agree
